Godeps/_workspace/src/github.com/fsouza/go-dockerclient/README.markdown, before:

# go-dockerclient

[![Drone](https://drone.io/github.com/fsouza/go-dockerclient/status.png)](https://drone.io/github.com/fsouza/go-dockerclient/latest)
[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/fsouza/go-dockerclient.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/fsouza/go-dockerclient)
[![GoDoc](https://img.shields.io/badge/api-Godoc-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://godoc.org/github.com/fsouza/go-dockerclient)

This package presents a client for the Docker remote API. It also provides
support for the extensions in the [Swarm API](https://docs.docker.com/swarm/API/).

For more details, check the [remote API documentation](http://docs.docker.com/en/latest/reference/api/docker_remote_api/).

## Example

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"

	"github.com/fsouza/go-dockerclient"
)

func main() {
	endpoint := "unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
	client, _ := docker.NewClient(endpoint)
	imgs, _ := client.ListImages(docker.ListImagesOptions{All: false})
	for _, img := range imgs {
		fmt.Println("ID: ", img.ID)
		fmt.Println("RepoTags: ", img.RepoTags)
		fmt.Println("Created: ", img.Created)
		fmt.Println("Size: ", img.Size)
		fmt.Println("VirtualSize: ", img.VirtualSize)
		fmt.Println("ParentId: ", img.ParentID)
	}
}
```

## Using with Boot2Docker

Boot2Docker runs Docker with TLS enabled. In order to instantiate the client you should use NewTLSClient, passing the endpoint and path for key and certificates as parameters.

For more details about TLS support in Boot2Docker, please refer to [TLS support](https://github.com/boot2docker/boot2docker#tls-support) on Boot2Docker's readme.

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"

	"github.com/fsouza/go-dockerclient"
)

func main() {
	endpoint := "tcp://[ip]:[port]"
	path := os.Getenv("DOCKER_CERT_PATH")
	ca := fmt.Sprintf("%s/ca.pem", path)
	cert := fmt.Sprintf("%s/cert.pem", path)
	key := fmt.Sprintf("%s/key.pem", path)
	client, _ := docker.NewTLSClient(endpoint, cert, key, ca)
	// use client
}
```

## Developing

All development commands can be seen in the [Makefile](Makefile).

Commited code must pass:

* [golint](https://github.com/golang/lint)
* [go vet](https://godoc.org/golang.org/x/tools/cmd/vet)
* [gofmt](https://golang.org/cmd/gofmt)
* [go test](https://golang.org/cmd/go/#hdr-Test_packages)

Running `make test` will check all of these. If your editor does not automatically call gofmt, `make fmt` will format all go files in this repository.

Commit message:

bump(github.com/fsouza/go-dockerclient) 933433faa3e1c0bbc825b251143f8e77affbf797

Godeps/_workspace/src/github.com/fsouza/go-dockerclient/README.markdown, after:

# go-dockerclient

[![Drone](https://drone.io/github.com/fsouza/go-dockerclient/status.png)](https://drone.io/github.com/fsouza/go-dockerclient/latest)
[![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/fsouza/go-dockerclient.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/fsouza/go-dockerclient)
[![GoDoc](https://img.shields.io/badge/api-Godoc-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://godoc.org/github.com/fsouza/go-dockerclient)

This package presents a client for the Docker remote API. It also provides
support for the extensions in the [Swarm API](https://docs.docker.com/swarm/API/).

For more details, check the [remote API documentation](http://docs.docker.com/en/latest/reference/api/docker_remote_api/).

## Example

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"

	"github.com/fsouza/go-dockerclient"
)

func main() {
	endpoint := "unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
	client, _ := docker.NewClient(endpoint)
	imgs, _ := client.ListImages(docker.ListImagesOptions{All: false})
	for _, img := range imgs {
		fmt.Println("ID: ", img.ID)
		fmt.Println("RepoTags: ", img.RepoTags)
		fmt.Println("Created: ", img.Created)
		fmt.Println("Size: ", img.Size)
		fmt.Println("VirtualSize: ", img.VirtualSize)
		fmt.Println("ParentId: ", img.ParentID)
	}
}
```

## Using with TLS

In order to instantiate the client for a TLS-enabled daemon, you should use NewTLSClient, passing the endpoint and path for key and certificates as parameters.

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"

	"github.com/fsouza/go-dockerclient"
)

func main() {
	endpoint := "tcp://[ip]:[port]"
	path := os.Getenv("DOCKER_CERT_PATH")
	ca := fmt.Sprintf("%s/ca.pem", path)
	cert := fmt.Sprintf("%s/cert.pem", path)
	key := fmt.Sprintf("%s/key.pem", path)
	client, _ := docker.NewTLSClient(endpoint, cert, key, ca)
	// use client
}
```

If using [docker-machine](https://docs.docker.com/machine/), or another application that exports environment variables
`DOCKER_HOST, DOCKER_TLS_VERIFY, DOCKER_CERT_PATH`, you can use NewClientFromEnv.


```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"

	"github.com/fsouza/go-dockerclient"
)

func main() {
	client, _ := docker.NewClientFromEnv()
	// use client
}
```

See the documentation for more details.

## Developing

All development commands can be seen in the [Makefile](Makefile).

Commited code must pass:

* [golint](https://github.com/golang/lint)
* [go vet](https://godoc.org/golang.org/x/tools/cmd/vet)
* [gofmt](https://golang.org/cmd/gofmt)
* [go test](https://golang.org/cmd/go/#hdr-Test_packages)

Running `make test` will check all of these. If your editor does not automatically call gofmt, `make fmt` will format all go files in this repository.
