examples/jenkins/README.md, before:

OpenShift 3 Jenkins Example
=========================

This sample walks through the process of starting up an OpenShift cluster and deploying a Jenkins Pod in it.
It also configures a simple application and then creates a Jenkins job to trigger a build of that application.

The Jenkins job will trigger OpenShift to build+deploy a test version of the application, validate that
the deployment works, and then tag the test version into production.

Steps
-----

1. Follow steps 1-10 from the [sample-app](https://github.com/openshift/origin/blob/master/examples/sample-app/README.md)

2. Start the Jenkins services

        $ oc create -n test -f jenkins-config.json
        
3. Create the application configuration

        $ oc process -n test -f application-template.json | oc create -n test -f -
 
4. Locate the Jenkins service endpoint and go to it in your browser:

        $ oc get services -n test jenkins --template="{{ .spec.portalIP }}:{{ with index .spec.ports 0 }}{{ .port }}{{ end }}"

    Once it is available, proceed to the next step.
    
5. Create the Jenkins job named rubyJob:

        $ JENKINS_ENDPOINT=`oc get services -n test jenkins --template="{{ .spec.portalIP }}:{{ with index .spec.ports 0 }}{{ .port }}{{ end }}"`
        $ cat job.xml | curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/xml" -H "Expect: " --data-binary @- http://$JENKINS_ENDPOINT/createItem?name=rubyJob

6. Add API credentials to the Jenkins build:

    1. Go back to your browser, refresh and select the rubyJob build job.
    2. Choose `Configure`.
    3. Locate the KUBECONFIG_CREDENTIALS parameter, and replace the default value with the contents of the `openshift.local.config/master/openshift-client.kubeconfig` file.
    4. Click `Save`.

6. Run the Jenkins build
   
    1. In the browser, select the rubyJob build job and choose `Build with parameters`.
    2. Click `Build` (you should not need to modify any parameters).

7. Watch the job output

   It will trigger an OpenShift build of the application, wait for the build to result in a deployment,
   confirm the new deployment works, and re-tag the image for production.  This re-tagging will trigger
   another deployment, this time creating/updated the production service.

8. Confirm both the test and production services are available by browsing to both services:

        $ oc get services -n test | grep frontend

Commit message:

Run Jenkins example using service account

examples/jenkins/README.md, after:

OpenShift 3 Jenkins Example
=========================

This sample walks through the process of starting up an OpenShift cluster and deploying a Jenkins Pod in it.
It also configures a simple application and then creates a Jenkins job to trigger a build of that application.

The Jenkins job will trigger OpenShift to build+deploy a test version of the application, validate that
the deployment works, and then tag the test version into production.

Steps
-----

1. Follow steps 1-8 from the [sample-app](https://github.com/openshift/origin/blob/master/examples/sample-app/README.md)

2. Start the Jenkins services

        $ oc create -n test -f jenkins-config.json
        
3. Create the application configuration

        $ oc process -n test -f application-template.json | oc create -n test -f -
 
4. Locate the Jenkins service endpoint and go to it in your browser:

        $ oc get services -n test jenkins --template="{{ .spec.portalIP }}:{{ with index .spec.ports 0 }}{{ .port }}{{ end }}"

    Once it is available, proceed to the next step.
    
5. Create the Jenkins job named rubyJob:

        $ JENKINS_ENDPOINT=`oc get services -n test jenkins --template="{{ .spec.portalIP }}:{{ with index .spec.ports 0 }}{{ .port }}{{ end }}"`
        $ cat job.xml | curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/xml" -H "Expect: " --data-binary @- http://$JENKINS_ENDPOINT/createItem?name=rubyJob

6. Grant permission to the Jenkins pod's service account

    The Jenkins pod runs using the service account named "jenkins" in the "test" namespace.
    To allow that service account to create builds using the API, add the "edit" role to the service account's username:

        $ oc policy -n test add-role-to-user edit system:serviceaccount:test:jenkins

7. Run the Jenkins build
   
    1. In the browser, select the rubyJob build job and choose `Build Now`.

8. Watch the job output

   It will trigger an OpenShift build of the application, wait for the build to result in a deployment,
   confirm the new deployment works, and re-tag the image for production.  This re-tagging will trigger
   another deployment, this time creating/updated the production service.

9. Confirm both the test and production services are available by browsing to both services:

        $ oc get services -n test | grep frontend
