.\"/* 
.\" * All rights reserved
.\" * Copyright (C) 2015 Red Hat, Inc.
.\" * Authors: Jaroslav Škarvada, Scott Dodson
.\" *
.\" * This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" * modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
.\" * as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
.\" * of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\" *
.\" * This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" * but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" * GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" *
.\" * You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" * along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" * Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.
.\" */
.\" 
.TH TUNED_PROFILES_ORIGIN_NODE "7" "12 Feb 2015" "OpenShift" "tuned-profiles-origin-node"
.SH NAME
tuned\-profiles\-origin-node - description of profiles provided for OpenShift

.SH DESCRIPTION
These profiles are provided for OpenShift nodes. They provide performance
optimizations for OpenShift Nodes running on either bare metal
(origin-node-host) or virtual machines (origin-node-guest).

.SH PROFILES
The following profiles are provided:

.TP
.BI "origin-node\-host"
Profile optimized for OpenShift hosts (bare metal). It is based on throughput\-performance
profile. It additionally increases SELinux AVC cache, PID limit and tunes
netfilter connections tracking.

.TP
.BI "origin-node\-guest"
Profile optimized for virtual OpenShift guests. It is based on virtual\-guest
profile. It additionally increases SELinux AVC cache, PID limit and tunes
netfilter connections tracking.

.SH "FILES"
.NF
.I /etc/tuned/*
.I /usr/lib/tuned/*

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR tuned (8)
.BR tuned\-adm (8)
.BR tuned\-profiles (7)
.BR tuned\-profiles\-sap (7)
.BR tuned\-profiles\-sap\-hana (7)
.BR tuned\-profiles\-compat (7)
.SH AUTHOR
.NF
Scott Dodson <sdodson@redhat.com>
