docs/generated/oadm_by_example_content.adoc, before:

:toc: macro
:toc-title:

toc::[]


== oadm build-chain
Output build dependencies of a specific image stream

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Build dependency tree for the specified image stream and tag
  $ openshift ex build-chain [image-stream]:[tag]

  // Build dependency trees for all tags in the specified image stream
  $ openshift ex build-chain [image-stream] --all-tags

  // Build the dependency tree using tag 'latest' in 'testing' namespace
  $ openshift ex build-chain [image-stream] -n testing

  // Build the dependency tree and output it in DOT syntax
  $ openshift ex build-chain [image-stream] -o dot

  // Build dependency trees for all image streams in the current namespace
  $ openshift ex build-chain

  // Build dependency trees for all image streams across all namespaces
  $ openshift ex build-chain --all
----
====


== oadm config
Change configuration files for the client

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Change the config context to use
  openshift admin config use-context my-context
  
  // Set the value of a config preference
  openshift admin config set preferences.some true
----
====


== oadm config set-cluster
Sets a cluster entry in kubeconfig

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Set only the server field on the e2e cluster entry without touching other values.
  $ openshift admin config set-cluster e2e --server=https://1.2.3.4
  
  // Embed certificate authority data for the e2e cluster entry
  $ openshift admin config set-cluster e2e --certificate-authority=~/.kube/e2e/kubernetes.ca.crt
  
  // Disable cert checking for the dev cluster entry
  $ openshift admin config set-cluster e2e --insecure-skip-tls-verify=true
----
====


== oadm config set-context
Sets a context entry in kubeconfig

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Set the user field on the gce context entry without touching other values
  $ openshift admin config set-context gce --user=cluster-admin
----
====


== oadm config set-credentials
Sets a user entry in kubeconfig

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Set only the "client-key" field on the "cluster-admin"
  // entry, without touching other values:
  $ openshift admin config set-credentials cluster-admin --client-key=~/.kube/admin.key
  
  // Set basic auth for the "cluster-admin" entry
  $ openshift admin config set-credentials cluster-admin --username=admin --password=uXFGweU9l35qcif
  
  // Embed client certificate data in the "cluster-admin" entry
  $ openshift admin config set-credentials cluster-admin --client-certificate=~/.kube/admin.crt --embed-certs=true
----
====


== oadm config view
displays Merged kubeconfig settings or a specified kubeconfig file.

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Show Merged kubeconfig settings.
  $ openshift admin config view
  
  // Get the password for the e2e user
  $ openshift admin config view -o template --template='{{range .users}}{{ if eq .name "e2e" }}{{ index .user.password }}{{end}}{{end}}'
----
====


== oadm ipfailover
Install an IP failover group to a set of nodes

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Check the default IP failover configuration ("ipfailover"):
  $ openshift admin ipfailover

  // See what the IP failover configuration would look like if it is created:
  $ openshift admin ipfailover -o json

  // Create an IP failover configuration if it does not already exist:
  $ openshift admin ipfailover ipf --virtual-ips="10.1.1.1-4" --create

  // Create an IP failover configuration on a selection of nodes labeled
  // "router=us-west-ha" (on 4 nodes with 7 virtual IPs monitoring a service
  // listening on port 80 (aka the OpenShift router process).
  $ openshift admin ipfailover ipfailover --selector="router=us-west-ha" --virtual-ips="1.2.3.4,10.1.1.100-104,5.6.7.8" --watch-port=80 --replicas=4 --create

  // Use a different IP failover config image and see the configuration:
  $ openshift admin ipfailover ipf-alt --selector="hagroup=us-west-ha" --virtual-ips="1.2.3.4" -o yaml --images=myrepo/myipfailover:mytag
----
====


== oadm manage-node
Manage nodes - list pods, evacuate, or mark ready

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
	// Block accepting any pods on given nodes
	$ openshift admin manage-node <mynode> --schedulable=false

	// Mark selected nodes as schedulable
	$ openshift admin manage-node --selector="<env=dev>" --schedulable=true

	// Migrate selected pods
	$ openshift admin manage-node <mynode> --evacuate --pod-selector="<service=myapp>"

	// Show pods that will be migrated
	$ openshift admin manage-node <mynode> --evacuate --dry-run --pod-selector="<service=myapp>"

	// List all pods on given nodes
	$ openshift admin manage-node <mynode1> <mynode2> --list-pods
----
====


== oadm registry
Install the OpenShift Docker registry

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Check if default Docker registry ("docker-registry") has been created
  $ openshift admin registry --dry-run

  // See what the registry would look like if created
  $ openshift admin registry -o json

  // Create a registry if it does not exist with two replicas
  $ openshift admin registry --replicas=2 --credentials=registry-user.kubeconfig

  // Use a different registry image and see the registry configuration
  $ openshift admin registry -o yaml --images=myrepo/docker-registry:mytag
----
====


== oadm router
Install an OpenShift router

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Check the default router ("router")
  $ openshift admin router --dry-run

  // See what the router would look like if created
  $ openshift admin router -o json

  // Create a router if it does not exist
  $ openshift admin router router-west --create --replicas=2

  // Use a different router image and see the router configuration
  $ openshift admin router region-west -o yaml --images=myrepo/somerouter:mytag
----
====

Commit message:

add reconcile-cluster-roles command

docs/generated/oadm_by_example_content.adoc, after:

:toc: macro
:toc-title:

toc::[]


== oadm build-chain
Output build dependencies of a specific image stream

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Build dependency tree for the specified image stream and tag
  $ openshift ex build-chain [image-stream]:[tag]

  // Build dependency trees for all tags in the specified image stream
  $ openshift ex build-chain [image-stream] --all-tags

  // Build the dependency tree using tag 'latest' in 'testing' namespace
  $ openshift ex build-chain [image-stream] -n testing

  // Build the dependency tree and output it in DOT syntax
  $ openshift ex build-chain [image-stream] -o dot

  // Build dependency trees for all image streams in the current namespace
  $ openshift ex build-chain

  // Build dependency trees for all image streams across all namespaces
  $ openshift ex build-chain --all
----
====


== oadm config
Change configuration files for the client

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Change the config context to use
  openshift admin config use-context my-context
  
  // Set the value of a config preference
  openshift admin config set preferences.some true
----
====


== oadm config set-cluster
Sets a cluster entry in kubeconfig

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Set only the server field on the e2e cluster entry without touching other values.
  $ openshift admin config set-cluster e2e --server=https://1.2.3.4
  
  // Embed certificate authority data for the e2e cluster entry
  $ openshift admin config set-cluster e2e --certificate-authority=~/.kube/e2e/kubernetes.ca.crt
  
  // Disable cert checking for the dev cluster entry
  $ openshift admin config set-cluster e2e --insecure-skip-tls-verify=true
----
====


== oadm config set-context
Sets a context entry in kubeconfig

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Set the user field on the gce context entry without touching other values
  $ openshift admin config set-context gce --user=cluster-admin
----
====


== oadm config set-credentials
Sets a user entry in kubeconfig

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Set only the "client-key" field on the "cluster-admin"
  // entry, without touching other values:
  $ openshift admin config set-credentials cluster-admin --client-key=~/.kube/admin.key
  
  // Set basic auth for the "cluster-admin" entry
  $ openshift admin config set-credentials cluster-admin --username=admin --password=uXFGweU9l35qcif
  
  // Embed client certificate data in the "cluster-admin" entry
  $ openshift admin config set-credentials cluster-admin --client-certificate=~/.kube/admin.crt --embed-certs=true
----
====


== oadm config view
displays Merged kubeconfig settings or a specified kubeconfig file.

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Show Merged kubeconfig settings.
  $ openshift admin config view
  
  // Get the password for the e2e user
  $ openshift admin config view -o template --template='{{range .users}}{{ if eq .name "e2e" }}{{ index .user.password }}{{end}}{{end}}'
----
====


== oadm ipfailover
Install an IP failover group to a set of nodes

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Check the default IP failover configuration ("ipfailover"):
  $ openshift admin ipfailover

  // See what the IP failover configuration would look like if it is created:
  $ openshift admin ipfailover -o json

  // Create an IP failover configuration if it does not already exist:
  $ openshift admin ipfailover ipf --virtual-ips="10.1.1.1-4" --create

  // Create an IP failover configuration on a selection of nodes labeled
  // "router=us-west-ha" (on 4 nodes with 7 virtual IPs monitoring a service
  // listening on port 80 (aka the OpenShift router process).
  $ openshift admin ipfailover ipfailover --selector="router=us-west-ha" --virtual-ips="1.2.3.4,10.1.1.100-104,5.6.7.8" --watch-port=80 --replicas=4 --create

  // Use a different IP failover config image and see the configuration:
  $ openshift admin ipfailover ipf-alt --selector="hagroup=us-west-ha" --virtual-ips="1.2.3.4" -o yaml --images=myrepo/myipfailover:mytag
----
====


== oadm manage-node
Manage nodes - list pods, evacuate, or mark ready

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
	// Block accepting any pods on given nodes
	$ openshift admin manage-node <mynode> --schedulable=false

	// Mark selected nodes as schedulable
	$ openshift admin manage-node --selector="<env=dev>" --schedulable=true

	// Migrate selected pods
	$ openshift admin manage-node <mynode> --evacuate --pod-selector="<service=myapp>"

	// Show pods that will be migrated
	$ openshift admin manage-node <mynode> --evacuate --dry-run --pod-selector="<service=myapp>"

	// List all pods on given nodes
	$ openshift admin manage-node <mynode1> <mynode2> --list-pods
----
====


== oadm policy reconcile-cluster-roles
Replace cluster roles to match the recommended bootstrap policy

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Display the cluster roles that would be modified
  $ openshift admin policy reconcile-cluster-roles

  // Replace cluster roles that don't match the current defaults
  $ openshift admin policy reconcile-cluster-roles --confirm
----
====


== oadm registry
Install the OpenShift Docker registry

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Check if default Docker registry ("docker-registry") has been created
  $ openshift admin registry --dry-run

  // See what the registry would look like if created
  $ openshift admin registry -o json

  // Create a registry if it does not exist with two replicas
  $ openshift admin registry --replicas=2 --credentials=registry-user.kubeconfig

  // Use a different registry image and see the registry configuration
  $ openshift admin registry -o yaml --images=myrepo/docker-registry:mytag
----
====


== oadm router
Install an OpenShift router

====

[options="nowrap"]
----
  // Check the default router ("router")
  $ openshift admin router --dry-run

  // See what the router would look like if created
  $ openshift admin router -o json

  // Create a router if it does not exist
  $ openshift admin router router-west --create --replicas=2

  // Use a different router image and see the router configuration
  $ openshift admin router region-west -o yaml --images=myrepo/somerouter:mytag
----
====
