.TH "OADM" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oadm drain \- Drain node in preparation for maintenance


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoadm drain\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Drain node in preparation for maintenance.

.PP
The given node will be marked unschedulable to prevent new pods from arriving.
Then drain deletes all pods except mirror pods (which cannot be deleted through
the API server).  If there are DaemonSet\-managed pods, drain will not proceed
without \-\-ignore\-daemonsets, and regardless it will not delete any
DaemonSet\-managed pods, because those pods would be immediately replaced by the
DaemonSet controller, which ignores unschedulable markings.  If there are any
pods that are neither mirror pods nor managed\-\-by ReplicationController,
ReplicaSet, DaemonSet or Job\-\-, then drain will not delete any pods unless you
use \-\-force.

.PP
When you are ready to put the node back into service, use kubectl uncordon, which
will make the node schedulable again.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-delete\-local\-data\fP=false
    Continue even if there are pods using emptyDir (local data that will be deleted when the node is drained).

.PP
\fB\-\-force\fP=false
    Continue even if there are pods not managed by a ReplicationController, ReplicaSet, Job, or DaemonSet.

.PP
\fB\-\-grace\-period\fP=\-1
    Period of time in seconds given to each pod to terminate gracefully. If negative, the default value specified in the pod will be used.

.PP
\fB\-\-ignore\-daemonsets\fP=false
    Ignore DaemonSet\-managed pods.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
# Drain node "foo", even if there are pods not managed by a ReplicationController, ReplicaSet, Job, or DaemonSet on it.
$ oadm drain foo \-\-force

# As above, but abort if there are pods not managed by a ReplicationController, ReplicaSet, Job, or DaemonSet, and use a grace period of 15 minutes.
$ oadm drain foo \-\-grace\-period=900


.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoadm(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
