.TH "OADM" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oadm registry \- Install the integrated Docker registry


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoadm registry\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Install or configure an integrated Docker registry

.PP
This command sets up a Docker registry integrated with your cluster to provide notifications when images are pushed. With no arguments, the command will check for the existing registry service called 'docker\-registry' and try to create it. If you want to test whether the registry has been created add the \-\-dry\-run flag and the command will exit with 1 if the registry does not exist.

.PP
To run a highly available registry, you should be using a remote storage mechanism like an object store (several are supported by the Docker registry). The default Docker registry image is configured to accept configuration as environment variables \- refer to the configuration file in that image for more on setting up alternative storage. Once you've made those changes, you can pass \-\-replicas=2 or higher to ensure you have failover protection. The default registry setup uses a local volume and the data will be lost if you delete the running pod.

.PP
If multiple ports are specified using the option \-\-ports, the first specified port will be chosen for use as the REGISTRY HTTP ADDR and will be passed to Docker registry.

.PP
NOTE: This command is intended to simplify the tasks of setting up a Docker registry in a new installation. Some configuration beyond this command is still required to make your registry persist data.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-create\fP=false
    deprecated; this is now the default behavior

.PP
\fB\-\-credentials\fP=""
    Path to a .kubeconfig file that will contain the credentials the registry should use to contact the master.

.PP
\fB\-\-daemonset\fP=false
    Use a daemonset instead of a deployment config.

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, show the result of the operation without performing it.

.PP
\fB\-\-enforce\-quota\fP=false
    If set, the registry will refuse to write blobs if they exceed quota limits

.PP
\fB\-\-images\fP="openshift/origin\-${component}:${version}"
    The image to base this registry on \- ${component} will be replaced with \-\-type

.PP
\fB\-\-labels\fP="docker\-registry=default"
    A set of labels to uniquely identify the registry and its components.

.PP
\fB\-\-latest\-images\fP=false
    If true, attempt to use the latest image for the registry instead of the latest release.

.PP
\fB\-\-mount\-host\fP=""
    If set, the registry volume will be created as a host\-mount at this path.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output results as yaml or json instead of executing, or use name for succint output (resource/name).

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    The preferred API versions of the output objects

.PP
\fB\-\-ports\fP="5000"
    A comma delimited list of ports or port pairs to expose on the registry pod. The default is set for 5000.

.PP
\fB\-\-replicas\fP=1
    The replication factor of the registry; commonly 2 when high availability is desired.

.PP
\fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector used to filter nodes on deployment. Used to run registries on a specific set of nodes.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-account\fP="registry"
    Name of the service account to use to run the registry pod.

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-certificate\fP=""
    An optional path to a PEM encoded certificate (which may contain the private key) for serving over TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-key\fP=""
    An optional path to a PEM encoded private key for serving over TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-type\fP="docker\-registry"
    The registry image to use \- if you specify \-\-images this flag may be ignored.

.PP
\fB\-\-volume\fP="/registry"
    The volume path to use for registry storage; defaults to /registry which is the default for origin\-docker\-registry.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Check if default Docker registry ("docker\-registry") has been created
  oadm registry \-\-dry\-run
  
  # See what the registry will look like if created
  oadm registry \-o yaml
  
  # Create a registry with two replicas if it does not exist
  oadm registry \-\-replicas=2
  
  # Use a different registry image
  oadm registry \-\-images=myrepo/docker\-registry:mytag
  
  # Enforce quota and limits on images
  oadm registry \-\-enforce\-quota

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoadm(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
