.TH "OADM POLICY" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oadm policy reconcile\-cluster\-role\-bindings \- Update cluster role bindings to match the recommended bootstrap policy


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoadm policy reconcile\-cluster\-role\-bindings\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Update cluster role bindings to match the recommended bootstrap policy

.PP
This command will inspect the cluster role bindings against the recommended bootstrap policy. Any cluster role binding that does not match will be replaced by the recommended bootstrap role binding. This command will not remove any additional cluster role bindings.

.PP
You can see which recommended cluster role bindings have changed by choosing an output type.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-additive\-only\fP=true
    Preserves extra subjects in cluster role bindings.

.PP
\fB\-\-confirm\fP=false
    Specify that cluster role bindings should be modified. Defaults to false, displaying what would be replaced but not actually replacing anything.

.PP
\fB\-\-exclude\-groups\fP=[]
    Do not add cluster role bindings for these group names.

.PP
\fB\-\-exclude\-users\fP=[]
    Do not add cluster role bindings for these user names.

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
    When using the default or custom\-column output format, don't print headers.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP="yaml"
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|custom\-columns=...|custom\-columns\-file=...|go\-template=...|go\-template\-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath\-file=... See custom columns [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubectl-overview/#custom-columns\[ra]], golang template [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]] and jsonpath template [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/jsonpath\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    Output the formatted object with the given group version (for ex: 'extensions/v1beta1').

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-show\-all\fP=false
    When printing, show all resources (default hide terminated pods.)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-labels\fP=false
    When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
    If non\-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Display the names of cluster role bindings that would be modified
  oadm policy reconcile\-cluster\-role\-bindings \-o name
  
  # Display the cluster role bindings that would be modified, removing any extra subjects
  oadm policy reconcile\-cluster\-role\-bindings \-\-additive\-only=false
  
  # Update cluster role bindings that don't match the current defaults
  oadm policy reconcile\-cluster\-role\-bindings \-\-confirm
  
  # Update cluster role bindings that don't match the current defaults, avoid adding roles to the system:authenticated group
  oadm policy reconcile\-cluster\-role\-bindings \-\-confirm \-\-exclude\-groups=system:authenticated
  
  # Update cluster role bindings that don't match the current defaults, removing any extra subjects from the binding
  oadm policy reconcile\-cluster\-role\-bindings \-\-confirm \-\-additive\-only=false

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoadm\-policy(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
