.TH "OC ADM PRUNE" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc adm prune deployments \- Remove old completed and failed deployments


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc adm prune deployments\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Prune old completed and failed deployments

.PP
By default, the prune operation performs a dry run making no changes to the deployments. A \-\-confirm flag is needed for changes to be effective.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-confirm\fP=false
    Specify that deployment pruning should proceed. Defaults to false, displaying what would be deleted but not actually deleting anything.

.PP
\fB\-\-keep\-complete\fP=5
    Per DeploymentConfig, specify the number of deployments whose status is complete that will be preserved whose replica size is 0.

.PP
\fB\-\-keep\-failed\fP=1
    Per DeploymentConfig, specify the number of deployments whose status is failed that will be preserved whose replica size is 0.

.PP
\fB\-\-keep\-younger\-than\fP=0
    Specify the minimum age of a deployment for it to be considered a candidate for pruning.

.PP
\fB\-\-orphans\fP=false
    Prune all deployments where the associated DeploymentConfig no longer exists, the status is complete or failed, and the replica size is 0.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Dry run deleting all but the last complete deployment for every deployment config
  oc adm prune deployments \-\-keep\-complete=1
  
  # To actually perform the prune operation, the confirm flag must be appended
  oc adm prune deployments \-\-keep\-complete=1 \-\-confirm

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc\-adm\-prune(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
