.TH "OC ADM PRUNE" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc adm prune images \- Remove unreferenced images


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc adm prune images\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Prune images no longer needed due to age and/or status

.PP
By default, the prune operation performs a dry run making no changes to internal registry. A \-\-confirm flag is needed for changes to be effective.

.PP
Only a user with a cluster role system:image\-pruner or higher who is logged\-in will be able to actually delete the images.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    The path to a certificate authority bundle to use when communicating with the managed Docker registries. Defaults to the certificate authority data from the current user's config file.

.PP
\fB\-\-confirm\fP=false
    Specify that image pruning should proceed. Defaults to false, displaying what would be deleted but not actually deleting anything.

.PP
\fB\-\-keep\-tag\-revisions\fP=3
    Specify the number of image revisions for a tag in an image stream that will be preserved.

.PP
\fB\-\-keep\-younger\-than\fP=0
    Specify the minimum age of an image for it to be considered a candidate for pruning.

.PP
\fB\-\-prune\-over\-size\-limit\fP=false
    Specify if images which are exceeding LimitRanges (see 'openshift.io/Image'), specified in the same namespace, should be considered for pruning. This flag cannot be combined with \-\-keep\-younger\-than nor \-\-keep\-tag\-revisions.

.PP
\fB\-\-registry\-url\fP=""
    The address to use when contacting the registry, instead of using the default value. This is useful if you can't resolve or reach the registry (e.g.; the default is a cluster\-internal URL) but you do have an alternative route that works.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # See, what the prune command would delete if only images more than an hour old and obsoleted
  # by 3 newer revisions under the same tag were considered.
  oc adm prune images \-\-keep\-tag\-revisions=3 \-\-keep\-younger\-than=60m
  
  # To actually perform the prune operation, the confirm flag must be appended
  oc adm prune images \-\-keep\-tag\-revisions=3 \-\-keep\-younger\-than=60m \-\-confirm
  
  # See, what the prune command would delete if we're interested in removing images
  # exceeding currently set LimitRanges ('openshift.io/Image')
  oc adm prune images \-\-prune\-over\-size\-limit
  
  # To actually perform the prune operation, the confirm flag must be appended
  oc adm prune images \-\-prune\-over\-size\-limit \-\-confirm

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc\-adm\-prune(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
