.TH "OC" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc adm \- Tools for managing a cluster


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc adm\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Administrative Commands

.PP
Commands for managing a cluster are exposed here. Many administrative actions involve interaction with the command\-line client as well.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-build\-chain(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-ca(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-completion(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-config(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-cordon(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-create\-api\-client\-config(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-create\-bootstrap\-policy\-file(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-create\-bootstrap\-project\-template(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-create\-error\-template(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-create\-key\-pair(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-create\-kubeconfig(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-create\-login\-template(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-create\-master\-certs(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-create\-node\-config(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-create\-provider\-selection\-template(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-create\-server\-cert(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-create\-signer\-cert(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-diagnostics(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-drain(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-groups(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-ipfailover(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-manage\-node(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-migrate(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-new\-project(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-options(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-overwrite\-policy(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-pod\-network(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-policy(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-prune(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-registry(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-router(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-taint(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-top(1)\fP, \fBoc\-adm\-uncordon(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
