.TH "OC ADM" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc adm verify\-image\-signature \- Verify that the given IMAGE signature is trusted


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc adm verify\-image\-signature\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Verifies the imported image signature using the local public key.

.PP
This command verifies if the signature attached to an image is trusted by using the provided public GPG key. Trusted image means that the image signature was signed by a valid GPG key and the image identity provided by the signature content matches with the image. By default, this command will not record a signature condition back to the Image object but only print the verification status to the console.

.PP
To record a new condition, you have to pass the "\-\-confirm" flag.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-confirm\fP=false
    If true, the result of the verification will be recorded to an image object.

.PP
\fB\-\-expected\-identity\fP=""
    An expected image docker reference to verify.

.PP
\fB\-\-public\-key\fP=""
    A path to a public GPG key to be used for verification.

.PP
\fB\-\-remove\fP=false
    If set, all signature verifications will be removed from the given image.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Verify the image signature using the local GNUPG keychan and record the status as a condition to image
  verify\-image\-signature sha256:c841e9b64e4579bd56c794bdd7c36e1c257110fd2404bebbb8b613e4935228c4 \-\-expected\-identity=registry.local:5000/foo/bar:v1

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc\-adm(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
