.TH "OC ADM GROUPS" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc adm groups sync \- Sync OpenShift groups with records from an external provider.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc adm groups sync\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Sync OpenShift Groups with records from an external provider.

.PP
In order to sync OpenShift Group records with those from an external provider, determine which Groups you wish to sync and where their records live. For instance, all or some groups may be selected from the current Groups stored in OpenShift that have been synced previously, or similarly all or some groups may be selected from those stored on an LDAP server. The path to a sync configuration file is required in order to describe how data is requested from the external record store and migrated to OpenShift records. Default behavior is to do a dry\-run without changing OpenShift records. Passing '\-\-confirm' will sync all groups from the LDAP server returned by the LDAP query templates.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-blacklist\fP=""
    path to the group blacklist file

.PP
\fB\-\-confirm\fP=false
    if true, modify OpenShift groups; if false, display results of a dry\-run

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
    When using the default or custom\-column output format, don't print headers.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP="yaml"
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|custom\-columns=...|custom\-columns\-file=...|go\-template=...|go\-template\-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath\-file=... See custom columns [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubectl-overview/#custom-columns\[ra]], golang template [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]] and jsonpath template [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/jsonpath\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    Output the formatted object with the given group version (for ex: 'extensions/v1beta1').

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-show\-all\fP=true
    When printing, show all resources (false means hide terminated pods.)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-labels\fP=false
    When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
    If non\-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.

.PP
\fB\-\-sync\-config\fP=""
    path to the sync config

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-type\fP="ldap"
    which groups white\- and blacklist entries refer to: ldap,openshift

.PP
\fB\-\-whitelist\fP=""
    path to the group whitelist file


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Sync all groups from an LDAP server
  oc adm groups sync \-\-sync\-config=/path/to/ldap\-sync\-config.yaml \-\-confirm
  
  # Sync all groups except the ones from the blacklist file from an LDAP server
  oc adm groups sync \-\-blacklist=/path/to/blacklist.txt \-\-sync\-config=/path/to/ldap\-sync\-config.yaml \-\-confirm
  
  # Sync specific groups specified in a whitelist file with an LDAP server
  oc adm groups sync \-\-whitelist=/path/to/whitelist.txt \-\-sync\-config=/path/to/sync\-config.yaml \-\-confirm
  
  # Sync all OpenShift Groups that have been synced previously with an LDAP server
  oc adm groups sync \-\-type=openshift \-\-sync\-config=/path/to/ldap\-sync\-config.yaml \-\-confirm
  
  # Sync specific OpenShift Groups if they have been synced previously with an LDAP server
  oc adm groups sync groups/group1 groups/group2 groups/group3 \-\-sync\-config=/path/to/sync\-config.yaml \-\-confirm

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc\-adm\-groups(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
