.TH "OC CLUSTER" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc cluster join \- Join an existing OpenShift cluster


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc cluster join\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Add a new node to an existing OpenShift cluster

.PP
Uses an existing connection to a Docker daemon to start an OpenShift node. You must provide a secret to connect to the master. Before running command, ensure that you can execute docker commands successfully (ie. 'docker ps').

.PP
Optionally, the command can create a new Docker machine for your OpenShift node using the VirtualBox driver when the \-\-create\-machine argument is specified. The machine will be named 'node' by default. To name the machine differently, use the \-\-docker\-machine=NAME argument. If the \-\-docker\-machine=NAME argument is specified, but \-\-create\-machine is not, the command will attempt to find an existing docker machine with that name and start it if it's not running.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-create\-machine\fP=false
    Create a Docker machine if one doesn't exist

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-machine\fP=""
    Specify the Docker machine to use

.PP
\fB\-e\fP, \fB\-\-env\fP=[]
    Specify a key\-value pair for an environment variable to set on OpenShift container

.PP
\fB\-\-forward\-ports\fP=false
    Use Docker port\-forwarding to communicate with origin container. Requires 'socat' locally.

.PP
\fB\-\-host\-config\-dir\fP="/var/lib/origin/openshift.local.config"
    Directory on Docker host for OpenShift configuration

.PP
\fB\-\-host\-data\-dir\fP=""
    Directory on Docker host for OpenShift data. If not specified, etcd data will not be persisted on the host.

.PP
\fB\-\-host\-pv\-dir\fP="/var/lib/origin/openshift.local.pv"
    Directory on host for OpenShift persistent volumes

.PP
\fB\-\-host\-volumes\-dir\fP="/var/lib/origin/openshift.local.volumes"
    Directory on Docker host for OpenShift volumes

.PP
\fB\-\-http\-proxy\fP=""
    HTTP proxy to use for master and builds

.PP
\fB\-\-https\-proxy\fP=""
    HTTPS proxy to use for master and builds

.PP
\fB\-\-image\fP="openshift/origin"
    Specify the images to use for OpenShift

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-streams\fP="centos7"
    Specify which image streams to use, centos7|rhel7

.PP
\fB\-\-logging\fP=false
    Install logging (experimental)

.PP
\fB\-\-metrics\fP=false
    Install metrics (experimental)

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-proxy\fP=[]
    List of hosts or subnets for which a proxy should not be used

.PP
\fB\-\-public\-hostname\fP=""
    Public hostname for OpenShift cluster

.PP
\fB\-\-routing\-suffix\fP=""
    Default suffix for server routes

.PP
\fB\-\-secret\fP=""
    Pass the secret to use to connect to the cluster

.PP
\fB\-\-server\-loglevel\fP=0
    Log level for OpenShift server

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\-registry\-check\fP=false
    Skip Docker daemon registry check

.PP
\fB\-\-use\-existing\-config\fP=false
    Use existing configuration if present

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=""
    Specify the tag for OpenShift images


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Start a new OpenShift node on a new docker machine named 'node'
  oc cluster join \-\-create\-machine
  
  # Start OpenShift node and preserve data and config between restarts
  oc cluster join \-\-host\-data\-dir=/mydata \-\-use\-existing\-config
  
  # Use a different set of images
  oc cluster join \-\-image="registry.example.com/origin" \-\-version="v1.1"

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc\-cluster(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
