.TH "OC" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc expose \- Expose a replicated application as a service or route


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc expose\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Expose containers internally as services or externally via routes

.PP
There is also the ability to expose a deployment configuration, replication controller, service, or pod as a new service on a specified port. If no labels are specified, the new object will re\-use the labels from the object it exposes.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\-ip\fP=""
    ClusterIP to be assigned to the service. Leave empty to auto\-allocate, or set to 'None' to create a headless service.

.PP
\fB\-\-container\-port\fP=""
    Synonym for \-\-target\-port

.PP
\fB\-\-create\-external\-load\-balancer\fP=false
    If true, create an external load balancer for this service (trumped by \-\-type). Implementation is cloud provider dependent. Default is 'false'.

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, only print the object that would be sent, without sending it.

.PP
\fB\-\-external\-ip\fP=""
    Additional external IP address (not managed by Kubernetes) to accept for the service. If this IP is routed to a node, the service can be accessed by this IP in addition to its generated service IP.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to a file identifying the resource to expose a service

.PP
\fB\-\-generator\fP=""
    The name of the API generator to use.

.PP
\fB\-\-hostname\fP=""
    Set a hostname for the new route

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-labels\fP=""
    Labels to apply to the service created by this call.

.PP
\fB\-\-load\-balancer\-ip\fP=""
    IP to assign to the Load Balancer. If empty, an ephemeral IP will be created and used (cloud\-provider specific).

.PP
\fB\-\-name\fP=""
    The name for the newly created object.

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
    When using the default or custom\-column output format, don't print headers.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|custom\-columns=...|custom\-columns\-file=...|go\-template=...|go\-template\-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath\-file=... See custom columns [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubectl-overview/#custom-columns\[ra]], golang template [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]] and jsonpath template [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/jsonpath\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    Output the formatted object with the given group version (for ex: 'extensions/v1beta1').

.PP
\fB\-\-overrides\fP=""
    An inline JSON override for the generated object. If this is non\-empty, it is used to override the generated object. Requires that the object supply a valid apiVersion field.

.PP
\fB\-\-path\fP=""
    Set a path for the new route

.PP
\fB\-\-port\fP=""
    The port that the resource should serve on.

.PP
\fB\-\-protocol\fP=""
    The network protocol for the service to be created. Default is 'TCP'.

.PP
\fB\-\-record\fP=false
    Record current kubectl command in the resource annotation. If set to false, do not record the command. If set to true, record the command. If not set, default to updating the existing annotation value only if one already exists.

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-\-save\-config\fP=false
    If true, the configuration of current object will be saved in its annotation. This is useful when you want to perform kubectl apply on this object in the future.

.PP
\fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    A label selector to use for this service. Only equality\-based selector requirements are supported. If empty (the default) infer the selector from the replication controller or replica set.

.PP
\fB\-\-session\-affinity\fP=""
    If non\-empty, set the session affinity for the service to this; legal values: 'None', 'ClientIP'

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-show\-all\fP=true
    When printing, show all resources (false means hide terminated pods.)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-labels\fP=false
    When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
    If non\-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.

.PP
\fB\-\-target\-port\fP=""
    Name or number for the port on the container that the service should direct traffic to. Optional.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-type\fP=""
    Type for this service: ClusterIP, NodePort, or LoadBalancer. Default is 'ClusterIP'.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Create a route based on service nginx. The new route will re\-use nginx's labels
  oc expose service nginx
  
  # Create a route and specify your own label and route name
  oc expose service nginx \-l name=myroute \-\-name=fromdowntown
  
  # Create a route and specify a hostname
  oc expose service nginx \-\-hostname=www.example.com
  
  # Expose a deployment configuration as a service and use the specified port
  oc expose dc ruby\-hello\-world \-\-port=8080
  
  # Expose a service as a route in the specified path
  oc expose service nginx \-\-path=/nginx

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
