.TH "OC" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc login \- Log in to a server


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc login\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Log in to your server and save login for subsequent use

.PP
First\-time users of the client should run this command to connect to a server, establish an authenticated session, and save connection to the configuration file. The default configuration will be saved to your home directory under ".kube/config".

.PP
The information required to login \-\- like username and password, a session token, or the server details \-\- can be provided through flags. If not provided, the command will prompt for user input as needed.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-p\fP, \fB\-\-password\fP=""
    Password, will prompt if not provided

.PP
\fB\-u\fP, \fB\-\-username\fP=""
    Username, will prompt if not provided


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Log in interactively
  oc login
  
  # Log in to the given server with the given certificate authority file
  oc login localhost:8443 \-\-certificate\-authority=/path/to/cert.crt
  
  # Log in to the given server with the given credentials (will not prompt interactively)
  oc login localhost:8443 \-\-username=myuser \-\-password=mypass

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
