.TH "OC" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc rsh \- Start a shell session in a pod


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc rsh\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Open a remote shell session to a container

.PP
This command will attempt to start a shell session in a pod for the specified resource. It works with pods, deployment configs, jobs, daemon sets, and replication controllers. Any of the aforementioned resources (apart from pods) will be resolved to a ready pod. It will default to the first container if none is specified, and will attempt to use '/bin/sh' as the default shell. You may pass any flags supported by this command before the resource name, and an optional command after the resource name, which will be executed instead of a login shell. A TTY will be automatically allocated if standard input is interactive \- use \-t and \-T to override. A TERM variable is sent to the environment where the shell (or command) will be executed. By default its value is the same as the TERM variable from the local environment; if not set, 'xterm' is used.

.PP
Note, some containers may not include a shell \- use 'oc exec' if you need to run commands directly.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-c\fP, \fB\-\-container\fP=""
    Container name; defaults to first container

.PP
\fB\-T\fP, \fB\-\-no\-tty\fP=false
    Disable pseudo\-terminal allocation

.PP
\fB\-\-shell\fP="/bin/sh"
    Path to the shell command

.PP
\fB\-\-timeout\fP=10
    Request timeout for obtaining a pod from the server; defaults to 10 seconds

.PP
\fB\-t\fP, \fB\-\-tty\fP=false
    Force a pseudo\-terminal to be allocated


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Open a shell session on the first container in pod 'foo'
  oc rsh foo
  
  # Run the command 'cat /etc/resolv.conf' inside pod 'foo'
  oc rsh foo cat /etc/resolv.conf
  
  # See the configuration of your internal registry
  oc rsh dc/docker\-registry cat config.yml
  
  # Open a shell session on the container named 'index' inside a pod of your job
  # oc rsh \-c index job/sheduled

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
