.TH "OC" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc rollout \- Manage a Kubernetes deployment or OpenShift deployment config


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc rollout\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Start a new rollout, view its status or history, rollback to a previous revision of your app

.PP
This command allows you to control a deployment config. Each individual rollout is exposed as a replication controller, and the deployment process manages scaling down old replication controllers and scaling up new ones.

.PP
There are several deployment strategies defined:
.IP 

.IP
\(bu Rolling (default) \- scales up the new replication controller in stages, gradually reducing the number of old pods. If one of the new deployed pods never becomes "ready", the new rollout will be rolled back (scaled down to zero). Use when your application can tolerate two versions of code running at the same time (many web applications, scalable databases)
.br
.IP
\(bu Recreate \- scales the old replication controller down to zero, then scales the new replication controller up to full. Use when your application cannot tolerate two versions of code running at the same time
.br
.IP
\(bu Custom \- run your own deployment process inside a Docker container using your own scripts.

.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc(1)\fP, \fBoc\-rollout\-history(1)\fP, \fBoc\-rollout\-latest(1)\fP, \fBoc\-rollout\-pause(1)\fP, \fBoc\-rollout\-resume(1)\fP, \fBoc\-rollout\-status(1)\fP, \fBoc\-rollout\-undo(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
