.TH "OC" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc run \- Run a particular image on the cluster


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc run\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Create and run a particular image, possibly replicated

.PP
Creates a deployment config to manage the created container(s). You can choose to run in the foreground for an interactive container execution.  You may pass 'run/v1' to \-\-generator to create a replication controller instead of a deployment config.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-attach\fP=false
    If true, wait for the Pod to start running, and then attach to the Pod as if 'kubectl attach ...' were called.  Default false, unless '\-i/\-\-stdin' is set, in which case the default is true. With '\-\-restart=Never' the exit code of the container process is returned.

.PP
\fB\-\-command\fP=false
    If true and extra arguments are present, use them as the 'command' field in the container, rather than the 'args' field which is the default.

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, only print the object that would be sent, without sending it.

.PP
\fB\-\-env\fP=[]
    Environment variables to set in the container

.PP
\fB\-\-expose\fP=false
    If true, a public, external service is created for the container(s) which are run

.PP
\fB\-\-generator\fP=""
    The name of the API generator to use.  Default is 'deploymentconfig/v1' if \-\-restart=Always, otherwise the default is 'run\-pod/v1'.

.PP
\fB\-\-hostport\fP=\-1
    The host port mapping for the container port. To demonstrate a single\-machine container.

.PP
\fB\-\-image\fP=""
    The image for the container to run.

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-pull\-policy\fP=""
    The image pull policy for the container. If left empty, this value will not be specified by the client and defaulted by the server

.PP
\fB\-\-include\-extended\-apis\fP=true
    If true, include definitions of new APIs via calls to the API server. [default true]

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-labels\fP=""
    Labels to apply to the pod(s).

.PP
\fB\-\-leave\-stdin\-open\fP=false
    If the pod is started in interactive mode or with stdin, leave stdin open after the first attach completes. By default, stdin will be closed after the first attach completes.

.PP
\fB\-\-limits\fP=""
    The resource requirement limits for this container.  For example, 'cpu=200m,memory=512Mi'.  Note that server side components may assign limits depending on the server configuration, such as limit ranges.

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
    When using the default or custom\-column output format, don't print headers.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|custom\-columns=...|custom\-columns\-file=...|go\-template=...|go\-template\-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath\-file=... See custom columns [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubectl-overview/#custom-columns\[ra]], golang template [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]] and jsonpath template [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/jsonpath\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    Output the formatted object with the given group version (for ex: 'extensions/v1beta1').

.PP
\fB\-\-overrides\fP=""
    An inline JSON override for the generated object. If this is non\-empty, it is used to override the generated object. Requires that the object supply a valid apiVersion field.

.PP
\fB\-\-port\fP=\-1
    The port that this container exposes.  If \-\-expose is true, this is also the port used by the service that is created.

.PP
\fB\-\-quiet\fP=false
    If true, suppress prompt messages.

.PP
\fB\-\-record\fP=false
    Record current kubectl command in the resource annotation. If set to false, do not record the command. If set to true, record the command. If not set, default to updating the existing annotation value only if one already exists.

.PP
\fB\-r\fP, \fB\-\-replicas\fP=1
    Number of replicas to create for this container. Default is 1.

.PP
\fB\-\-requests\fP=""
    The resource requirement requests for this container.  For example, 'cpu=100m,memory=256Mi'.  Note that server side components may assign requests depending on the server configuration, such as limit ranges.

.PP
\fB\-\-restart\fP="Always"
    The restart policy for this Pod.  Legal values [Always, OnFailure, Never].  If set to 'Always' a deployment is created for this pod, if set to 'OnFailure', a job is created for this pod, if set to 'Never', a regular pod is created. For the latter two \-\-replicas must be 1.  Default 'Always'

.PP
\fB\-\-rm\fP=false
    If true, delete resources created in this command for attached containers.

.PP
\fB\-\-save\-config\fP=false
    If true, the configuration of current object will be saved in its annotation. This is useful when you want to perform kubectl apply on this object in the future.

.PP
\fB\-\-schedule\fP=""
    A schedule in the Cron format the job should be run with.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-generator\fP="service/v2"
    The name of the generator to use for creating a service.  Only used if \-\-expose is true

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-overrides\fP=""
    An inline JSON override for the generated service object. If this is non\-empty, it is used to override the generated object. Requires that the object supply a valid apiVersion field.  Only used if \-\-expose is true.

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-show\-all\fP=true
    When printing, show all resources (false means hide terminated pods.)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-labels\fP=false
    When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
    If non\-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.

.PP
\fB\-i\fP, \fB\-\-stdin\fP=false
    Keep stdin open on the container(s) in the pod, even if nothing is attached.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-t\fP, \fB\-\-tty\fP=false
    Allocated a TTY for each container in the pod.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Starts a single instance of nginx.
  oc run nginx \-\-image=nginx
  
  # Starts a replicated instance of nginx.
  oc run nginx \-\-image=nginx \-\-replicas=5
  
  # Dry run. Print the corresponding API objects without creating them.
  oc run nginx \-\-image=nginx \-\-dry\-run
  
  # Start a single instance of nginx, but overload the spec of the replication
  # controller with a partial set of values parsed from JSON.
  oc run nginx \-\-image=nginx \-\-overrides='{ "apiVersion": "v1", "spec": { ... } }'
  
  # Start a single instance of nginx and keep it in the foreground, don't restart it if it exits.
  oc run \-i \-\-tty nginx \-\-image=nginx \-\-restart=Never
  
  # Start the nginx container using the default command, but use custom
  # arguments (arg1 .. argN) for that command.
  oc run nginx \-\-image=nginx \-\- <arg1> <arg2> ... <argN>
  
  # Start the nginx container using a different command and custom arguments
  oc run nginx \-\-image=nginx \-\-command \-\- <cmd> <arg1> ... <argN>

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
