.TH "OC SECRETS" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc secrets add \- Add secrets to a ServiceAccount


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc secrets add\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Add secrets to a ServiceAccount

.PP
After you have created a secret, you probably want to make use of that secret inside of a pod, for a build, or as an image pull secret.  In order to do that, you must add your secret to a service account.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-for\fP=[mount]
    type of secret to add: mount or pull


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  // To use your secret inside of a pod or as a push, pull, or source secret for a build, you must add a 'mount' secret to your service account like this:
  oc secrets add serviceaccount/sa\-name secrets/secret\-name secrets/another\-secret\-name

  // To use your secret as an image pull secret, you must add a 'pull' secret to your service account like this:
  oc secrets add serviceaccount/sa\-name secrets/secret\-name \-\-for=pull

  // To use your secret for image pulls or inside a pod:
  oc secrets add serviceaccount/sa\-name secrets/secret\-name \-\-for=pull,mount

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc\-secrets(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
