.TH "OC" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc status \- Show an overview of the current project


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc status\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Show a high level overview of the current project

.PP
This command will show services, deployment configs, build configurations, and active deployments. If you have any misconfigured components information about them will be shown. For more information about individual items, use the describe command (e.g. oc describe buildConfig, oc describe deploymentConfig, oc describe service).

.PP
You can specify an output format of "\-o dot" to have this command output the generated status graph in DOT format that is suitable for use by the "dot" command.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\-namespaces\fP=false
    Display status for all namespaces (must have cluster admin)

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: dot.

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-verbose\fP=false
    See details for resolving issues.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # See an overview of the current project.
  oc status
  
  # Export the overview of the current project in an svg file.
  oc status \-o dot | dot \-T svg \-o project.svg
  
  # See an overview of the current project including details for any identified issues.
  oc status \-v

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
