.TH "OC SET" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc set build\-hook \- Update a build hook on a build config


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc set build\-hook\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Set or remove a build hook on a build config

.PP
Build hooks allow behavior to be injected into the build process.

.PP
A post\-commit build hook is executed after a build has committed an image but before the image has been pushed to a registry. It can be used to execute tests on the image and verify it before it is made available in a registry or for any other logic that is needed to execute before the image is pushed to the registry. A new container with the recently built image is launched with the build hook command. If the command or script run by the build hook returns a non\-zero exit code, the resulting image will not be pushed to the registry.

.PP
The command for a build hook may be specified as a shell script (with the \-\-script argument), as a new entrypoint command on the image with the \-\-command argument, or as a set of arguments to the image's entrypoint (default).


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\fP=false
    Select all build configs in the namespace

.PP
\fB\-\-command\fP=false
    If true, set the entrypoint of the hook container to the given command

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to file to use to edit the resource.

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
    When using the default or custom\-column output format, don't print headers.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|custom\-columns=...|custom\-columns\-file=...|go\-template=...|go\-template\-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath\-file=... See custom columns [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubectl-overview/#custom-columns\[ra]], golang template [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]] and jsonpath template [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/jsonpath\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    Output the formatted object with the given group version (for ex: 'extensions/v1beta1').

.PP
\fB\-\-post\-commit\fP=false
    If true, set the post\-commit build hook on a build config

.PP
\fB\-\-remove\fP=false
    If true, remove the build hook.

.PP
\fB\-\-script\fP=""
    Specify a script to run for the build\-hook

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter build configs

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-show\-all\fP=true
    When printing, show all resources (false means hide terminated pods.)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-labels\fP=false
    When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
    If non\-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Clear post\-commit hook on a build config
  oc set build\-hook bc/mybuild \-\-post\-commit \-\-remove
  
  # Set the post\-commit hook to execute a test suite using a new entrypoint
  oc set build\-hook bc/mybuild \-\-post\-commit \-\-command \-\- /bin/bash \-c /var/lib/test\-image.sh
  
  # Set the post\-commit hook to execute a shell script
  oc set build\-hook bc/mybuild \-\-post\-commit \-\-script="/var/lib/test\-image.sh param1 param2 \&\& /var/lib/done.sh"
  
  # Set the post\-commit hook as a set of arguments to the default image entrypoint
  oc set build\-hook bc/mybuild \-\-post\-commit  \-\- arg1 arg2

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc\-set(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
