.TH "OC SET" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc set triggers \- Update the triggers on a build or deployment config


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc set triggers\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Set or remove triggers for build configs and deployment configs

.PP
All build configs and deployment configs may have a set of triggers that result in a new deployment or build being created. This command enables you to alter those triggers \- making them automatic or manual, adding new entries, or changing existing entries.

.PP
Deployments support triggering off of image changes and on config changes. Config changes are any alterations to the pod template, while image changes will result in the container image value being updated whenever an image stream tag is updated.

.PP
Build configs support triggering off of image changes, config changes, and webhooks (both GitHub\-specific and generic). The config change trigger for a build config will only trigger the first build.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\fP=false
    Select all resources in the namespace of the specified resource types

.PP
\fB\-\-auto\fP=false
    Enable all triggers, or just the specified trigger

.PP
\fB\-c\fP, \fB\-\-containers\fP=""
    Comma delimited list of container names this trigger applies to on deployments; defaults to the name of the only container

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to file to use to edit the resource.

.PP
\fB\-\-from\-config\fP=false
    If set, configuration changes will result in a change

.PP
\fB\-\-from\-github\fP=false
    A GitHub webhook \- a secret value will be generated automatically

.PP
\fB\-\-from\-image\fP=""
    An image stream tag to trigger off of

.PP
\fB\-\-from\-webhook\fP=false
    A generic webhook \- a secret value will be generated automatically

.PP
\fB\-\-from\-webhook\-allow\-env\fP=false
    A generic webhook which can provide environment variables \- a secret value will be generated automatically

.PP
\fB\-\-manual\fP=false
    Set all triggers to manual, or just the specified trigger

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
    When using the default or custom\-column output format, don't print headers.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|custom\-columns=...|custom\-columns\-file=...|go\-template=...|go\-template\-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath\-file=... See custom columns [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubectl-overview/#custom-columns\[ra]], golang template [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]] and jsonpath template [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/jsonpath\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    Output the formatted object with the given group version (for ex: 'extensions/v1beta1').

.PP
\fB\-\-remove\fP=false
    If true, remove the specified trigger(s).

.PP
\fB\-\-remove\-all\fP=false
    If true, remove all triggers.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter on

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-show\-all\fP=true
    When printing, show all resources (false means hide terminated pods.)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-labels\fP=false
    When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
    If non\-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Print the triggers on the registry
  oc set triggers dc/registry
  
  # Set all triggers to manual
  oc set triggers dc/registry \-\-manual
  
  # Enable all automatic triggers
  oc set triggers dc/registry \-\-auto
  
  # Reset the GitHub webhook on a build to a new, generated secret
  oc set triggers bc/webapp \-\-from\-github
  oc set triggers bc/webapp \-\-from\-webhook
  
  # Remove all triggers
  oc set triggers bc/webapp \-\-remove\-all
  
  # Stop triggering on config change
  oc set triggers dc/registry \-\-from\-config \-\-remove
  
  # Add an image trigger to a build config
  oc set triggers bc/webapp \-\-from\-image=namespace1/image:latest

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc\-set(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
