.TH "OC" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc volumes \- DEPRECATED: set volume


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc volumes\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
DEPRECATED: This command has been moved to "oc set volume"


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-add\fP=false
    Add volume and/or volume mounts for containers

.PP
\fB\-\-all\fP=false
    select all resources in the namespace of the specified resource types

.PP
\fB\-\-claim\-class\fP=""
    StorageClass to use for the persistent volume claim

.PP
\fB\-\-claim\-mode\fP="ReadWriteOnce"
    Set the access mode of the claim to be created. Valid values are ReadWriteOnce (rwo), ReadWriteMany (rwm), or ReadOnlyMany (rom)

.PP
\fB\-\-claim\-name\fP=""
    Persistent volume claim name. Must be provided for persistentVolumeClaim volume type

.PP
\fB\-\-claim\-size\fP=""
    If specified along with a persistent volume type, create a new claim with the given size in bytes. Accepts SI notation: 10, 10G, 10Gi

.PP
\fB\-\-configmap\-name\fP=""
    Name of the persisted config map. Must be provided for configmap volume type

.PP
\fB\-\-confirm\fP=false
    Confirm that you really want to remove multiple volumes

.PP
\fB\-c\fP, \fB\-\-containers\fP="*"
    The names of containers in the selected pod templates to change \- may use wildcards

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to file to use to edit the resource.

.PP
\fB\-\-list\fP=false
    List volumes and volume mounts for containers

.PP
\fB\-m\fP, \fB\-\-mount\-path\fP=""
    Mount path inside the container. Optional param for \-\-add or \-\-remove

.PP
\fB\-\-name\fP=""
    Name of the volume. If empty, auto generated for add operation

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
    When using the default or custom\-column output format, don't print headers.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|custom\-columns=...|custom\-columns\-file=...|go\-template=...|go\-template\-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath\-file=... See custom columns [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubectl-overview/#custom-columns\[ra]], golang template [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]] and jsonpath template [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/jsonpath\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    Output the formatted object with the given group version (for ex: 'extensions/v1beta1').

.PP
\fB\-\-overwrite\fP=false
    If true, replace existing volume source and/or volume mount for the given resource

.PP
\fB\-\-path\fP=""
    Host path. Must be provided for hostPath volume type

.PP
\fB\-\-remove\fP=false
    Remove volume and/or volume mounts for containers

.PP
\fB\-\-secret\-name\fP=""
    Name of the persisted secret. Must be provided for secret volume type

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter on

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-show\-all\fP=true
    When printing, show all resources (false means hide terminated pods.)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-labels\fP=false
    When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
    If non\-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.

.PP
\fB\-\-source\fP=""
    Details of volume source as json string. This can be used if the required volume type is not supported by \-\-type option. (e.g.: '{"gitRepo": {"repository": <git-url>, "revision": <commit-hash>}}')

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-t\fP, \fB\-\-type\fP=""
    Type of the volume source for add operation. Supported options: emptyDir, hostPath, secret, configmap, persistentVolumeClaim


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # List volumes defined on all deployment configs in the current project
  oc volume dc \-\-all
  
  # Add a new empty dir volume to deployment config (dc) 'registry' mounted under
  # /var/lib/registry
  oc volume dc/registry \-\-add \-\-mount\-path=/var/lib/registry
  
  # Use an existing persistent volume claim (pvc) to overwrite an existing volume 'v1'
  oc volume dc/registry \-\-add \-\-name=v1 \-t pvc \-\-claim\-name=pvc1 \-\-overwrite
  
  # Remove volume 'v1' from deployment config 'registry'
  oc volume dc/registry \-\-remove \-\-name=v1
  
  # Create a new persistent volume claim that overwrites an existing volume 'v1'
  oc volume dc/registry \-\-add \-\-name=v1 \-t pvc \-\-claim\-size=1G \-\-overwrite
  
  # Change the mount point for volume 'v1' to /data
  oc volume dc/registry \-\-add \-\-name=v1 \-m /data \-\-overwrite
  
  # Modify the deployment config by removing volume mount "v1" from container "c1"
  # (and by removing the volume "v1" if no other containers have volume mounts that reference it)
  oc volume dc/registry \-\-remove \-\-name=v1 \-\-containers=c1
  
  # Add new volume based on a more complex volume source (Git repo, AWS EBS, GCE PD,
  # Ceph, Gluster, NFS, ISCSI, ...)
  oc volume dc/registry \-\-add \-m /repo \-\-source=<json\-string>

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
