.TH "OPENSHIFT KUBE" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift kube describe \- Show details of a specific resource or group of resources


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift kube describe\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Show details of a specific resource or group of resources. This command joins many API calls together to form a detailed description of a given resource or group of resources.

.PP
$ kubectl describe TYPE NAME\_PREFIX

.PP
will first check for an exact match on TYPE and NAME PREFIX. If no such resource exists, it will output details for every resource that has a name prefixed with NAME PREFIX.

.PP
Valid resource types include:
.IP 

.IP
\(bu buildconfigs (aka 'bc')
.br
.IP
\(bu builds
.br
.IP
\(bu clusters (valid only for federation apiservers)
.br
.IP
\(bu componentstatuses (aka 'cs')
.br
.IP
\(bu configmaps (aka 'cm')
.br
.IP
\(bu daemonsets (aka 'ds')
.br
.IP
\(bu deployments (aka 'deploy')
.br
.IP
\(bu deploymentconfigs (aka 'dc')
.br
.IP
\(bu endpoints (aka 'ep')
.br
.IP
\(bu events (aka 'ev')
.br
.IP
\(bu horizontalpodautoscalers (aka 'hpa')
.br
.IP
\(bu imagestreamimages (aka 'isimage')
.br
.IP
\(bu imagestreams (aka 'is')
.br
.IP
\(bu imagestreamtags (aka 'istag')
.br
.IP
\(bu ingresses (aka 'ing')
.br
.IP
\(bu groups
.br
.IP
\(bu jobs
.br
.IP
\(bu limitranges (aka 'limits')
.br
.IP
\(bu namespaces (aka 'ns')
.br
.IP
\(bu networkpolicies
.br
.IP
\(bu nodes (aka 'no')
.br
.IP
\(bu persistentvolumeclaims (aka 'pvc')
.br
.IP
\(bu persistentvolumes (aka 'pv')
.br
.IP
\(bu pods (aka 'po')
.br
.IP
\(bu podsecuritypolicies (aka 'psp')
.br
.IP
\(bu podtemplates
.br
.IP
\(bu policies
.br
.IP
\(bu projects
.br
.IP
\(bu replicasets (aka 'rs')
.br
.IP
\(bu replicationcontrollers (aka 'rc')
.br
.IP
\(bu resourcequotas (aka 'quota')
.br
.IP
\(bu rolebindings
.br
.IP
\(bu routes
.br
.IP
\(bu secrets
.br
.IP
\(bu serviceaccounts (aka 'sa')
.br
.IP
\(bu services (aka 'svc')
.br
.IP
\(bu statefulsets
.br
.IP
\(bu users
.br
.IP
\(bu storageclasses
.br
.IP
\(bu thirdpartyresources

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\-namespaces\fP=false
    If present, list the requested object(s) across all namespaces. Namespace in current context is ignored even if specified with \-\-namespace.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to files containing the resource to describe

.PP
\fB\-\-include\-extended\-apis\fP=true
    If true, include definitions of new APIs via calls to the API server. [default true]

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter on

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-events\fP=true
    If true, display events related to the described object.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-verification\-with\-non\-compliant\-keys\fP=false
    Allow a SignatureVerifier to use keys which are technically non\-compliant with RFC6962.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-application\-metrics\-count\-limit\fP=100
    Max number of application metrics to store (per container)

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-boot\-id\-file\fP="/proc/sys/kernel/random/boot\_id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for boot\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-container\-hints\fP="/etc/cadvisor/container\_hints.json"
    location of the container hints file

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\fP="unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
    docker endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-env\-metadata\-whitelist\fP=""
    a comma\-separated list of environment variable keys that needs to be collected for docker containers

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-only\fP=false
    Only report docker containers in addition to root stats

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-root\fP="/var/lib/docker"
    DEPRECATED: docker root is read from docker info (this is a fallback, default: /var/lib/docker)

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-load\-reader\fP=false
    Whether to enable cpu load reader

.PP
\fB\-\-event\-storage\-age\-limit\fP="default=0"
    Max length of time for which to store events (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is a duration. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-event\-storage\-event\-limit\fP="default=0"
    Max number of events to store (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is an integer. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-global\-housekeeping\-interval\fP=0
    Interval between global housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-housekeeping\-interval\fP=0
    Interval between container housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-httptest.serve\fP=""
    if non\-empty, httptest.NewServer serves on this address and blocks

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-data\-source\fP="influxdb"
    Data source used by InitialResources. Supported options: influxdb, gcm.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-dbname\fP="k8s"
    InfluxDB database name which contains metrics required by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-hawkular\fP=""
    Hawkular configuration URL

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-influxdb\-host\fP="localhost:8080/api/v1/proxy/namespaces/kube\-system/services/monitoring\-influxdb:api"
    Address of InfluxDB which contains metrics required by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-namespace\-only\fP=false
    Whether the estimation should be made only based on data from the same namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-password\fP="root"
    Password used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-percentile\fP=90
    Which percentile of samples should InitialResources use when estimating resources. For experiment purposes.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-user\fP="root"
    User used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Specify a kubeconfig file to define the configuration

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-cadvisor\-usage\fP=false
    Whether to log the usage of the cAdvisor container

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-machine\-id\-file\fP="/etc/machine\-id,/var/lib/dbus/machine\-id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for machine\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-buffer\-duration\fP=0
    Writes in the storage driver will be buffered for this duration, and committed to the non memory backends as a single transaction

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-db\fP="cadvisor"
    database name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-host\fP="localhost:8086"
    database host:port

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-password\fP="root"
    database password

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-secure\fP=false
    use secure connection with database

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-table\fP="stats"
    table name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-user\fP="root"
    database username

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Describe a node
  kubectl describe nodes kubernetes\-node\-emt8.c.myproject.internal
  
  # Describe a pod
  kubectl describe pods/nginx
  
  # Describe a pod identified by type and name in "pod.json"
  kubectl describe \-f pod.json
  
  # Describe all pods
  kubectl describe pods
  
  # Describe pods by label name=myLabel
  kubectl describe po \-l name=myLabel
  
  # Describe all pods managed by the 'frontend' replication controller (rc\-created pods
  # get the name of the rc as a prefix in the pod the name).
  kubectl describe pods frontend

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-kube(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
