.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI CLUSTER" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli cluster up \- Start OpenShift on Docker with reasonable defaults


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli cluster up\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Starts an OpenShift cluster using Docker containers, provisioning a registry, router, initial templates, and a default project.

.PP
This command will attempt to use an existing connection to a Docker daemon. Before running the command, ensure that you can execure docker commands successfully (i.e. 'docker ps').

.PP
Optionally, the command can create a new Docker machine for OpenShift using the VirtualBox driver when the \-\-create\-machine argument is specified. The machine will be named 'openshift' by default. To name the machine differently, use the \-\-docker\-machine=NAME argument. If the \-\-docker\-machine=NAME argument is specified, but \-\-create\-machine is not, the command will attempt to find an existing docker machine with that name and start it if it's not running.

.PP
By default, the OpenShift cluster will be setup to use a routing suffix that ends in xip.io. This is to allow dynamic host names to be created for routes. An alternate routing suffix can be specified using the \-\-routing\-suffix flag.

.PP
A public hostname can also be specified for the server with the \-\-public\-hostname flag.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-create\-machine\fP=false
    Create a Docker machine if one doesn't exist

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-machine\fP=""
    Specify the Docker machine to use

.PP
\fB\-e\fP, \fB\-\-env\fP=[]
    Specify a key\-value pair for an environment variable to set on OpenShift container

.PP
\fB\-\-forward\-ports\fP=false
    Use Docker port\-forwarding to communicate with origin container. Requires 'socat' locally.

.PP
\fB\-\-host\-config\-dir\fP="/var/lib/origin/openshift.local.config"
    Directory on Docker host for OpenShift configuration

.PP
\fB\-\-host\-data\-dir\fP=""
    Directory on Docker host for OpenShift data. If not specified, etcd data will not be persisted on the host.

.PP
\fB\-\-host\-volumes\-dir\fP="/var/lib/origin/openshift.local.volumes"
    Directory on Docker host for OpenShift volumes

.PP
\fB\-\-image\fP="openshift/origin"
    Specify the images to use for OpenShift

.PP
\fB\-\-logging\fP=false
    Install logging (experimental)

.PP
\fB\-\-metrics\fP=false
    Install metrics (experimental)

.PP
\fB\-\-public\-hostname\fP=""
    Public hostname for OpenShift cluster

.PP
\fB\-\-routing\-suffix\fP=""
    Default suffix for server routes

.PP
\fB\-\-server\-loglevel\fP=0
    Log level for OpenShift server

.PP
\fB\-\-skip\-registry\-check\fP=false
    Skip Docker daemon registry check

.PP
\fB\-\-use\-existing\-config\fP=false
    Use existing configuration if present

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=""
    Specify the tag for OpenShift images


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Start OpenShift on a new docker machine named 'openshift'
  openshift cli cluster up \-\-create\-machine
  
  # Start OpenShift using a specific public host name
  openshift cli cluster up \-\-public\-hostname=my.address.example.com
  
  # Start OpenShift and preserve data and config between restarts
  openshift cli cluster up \-\-host\-data\-dir=/mydata \-\-use\-existing\-config
  
  # Use a different set of images
  openshift cli cluster up \-\-image="registry.example.com/origin" \-\-version="v1.1"

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli\-cluster(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
