.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI ROLLOUT" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli rollout retry \- Retry the latest failed rollout


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli rollout retry\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
If a rollout fails, you may opt to retry it (if the error was transient). Some rollouts may never successfully complete \- in which case you can use the rollout latest to force a redeployment. If a deployment config has completed rolling out successfully at least once in the past, it would be automatically rolled back in the event of a new failed rollout. Note that you would still need to update the erroneous deployment config in order to have its template persisted across your application.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to files Filename, directory, or URL to a file identifying the resource to get from a server.

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Retry the latest failed deployment based on 'frontend'
  # The deployer pod and any hook pods are deleted for the latest failed deployment
  openshift cli rollout retry dc/frontend

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli\-rollout(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
