.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli scale \- Change the number of pods in a deployment


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli scale\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Set a new size for a deployment or replication controller

.PP
Scale also allows users to specify one or more preconditions for the scale action. If \-\-current\-replicas or \-\-resource\-version is specified, it is validated before the scale is attempted, and it is guaranteed that the precondition holds true when the scale is sent to the server.

.PP
Note that scaling a deployment configuration with no deployments will update the desired replicas in the configuration template.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-current\-replicas\fP=\-1
    Precondition for current size. Requires that the current size of the resource match this value in order to scale.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to a file identifying the resource to set a new size

.PP
\fB\-\-include\-extended\-apis\fP=true
    If true, include definitions of new APIs via calls to the API server. [default true]

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output mode. Use "\-o name" for shorter output (resource/name).

.PP
\fB\-\-record\fP=false
    Record current kubectl command in the resource annotation. If set to false, do not record the command. If set to true, record the command. If not set, default to updating the existing annotation value only if one already exists.

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-\-replicas\fP=\-1
    The new desired number of replicas. Required.

.PP
\fB\-\-resource\-version\fP=""
    Precondition for resource version. Requires that the current resource version match this value in order to scale.

.PP
\fB\-\-timeout\fP=0
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a scale operation, zero means don't wait. Any other values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h).


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Scale replication controller named 'foo' to 3.
  openshift cli scale \-\-replicas=3 replicationcontrollers foo
  
  # If the replication controller named foo's current size is 2, scale foo to 3.
  openshift cli scale \-\-current\-replicas=2 \-\-replicas=3 replicationcontrollers foo
  
  # Scale the latest deployment of 'bar'. In case of no deployment, bar's template
  # will be scaled instead.
  openshift cli scale \-\-replicas=10 dc bar

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
