.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI ADM" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli adm completion \- Output shell completion code for the given shell (bash or zsh)


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli adm completion\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This command prints shell code which must be evaluated to provide interactive completion of openshift cli adm commands.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Generate the openshift cli adm completion code for bash
  openshift cli adm completion bash > bash\_completion.sh
  source bash\_completion.sh
  
  # The above example depends on the bash\-completion framework.
  # It must be sourced before sourcing the openshift cli completion,
  # i.e. on the Mac:
  
  brew install bash\-completion
  source $(brew \-\-prefix)/etc/bash\_completion
  openshift cli adm completion bash > bash\_completion.sh
  source bash\_completion.sh
  
  # In zsh*, the following will load openshift cli zsh completion:
  source <(openshift cli adm completion zsh)
  
  * zsh completions are only supported in versions of zsh >= 5.2

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli\-adm(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
