.TH "OPENSHIFT KUBE" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift kube logs \- Print the logs for a container in a pod


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift kube logs\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Print the logs for a container in a pod or specified resource. If the pod has only one container, the container name is optional.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-c\fP, \fB\-\-container\fP=""
    Print the logs of this container

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-follow\fP=false
    Specify if the logs should be streamed.

.PP
\fB\-\-include\-extended\-apis\fP=true
    If true, include definitions of new APIs via calls to the API server. [default true]

.PP
\fB\-\-interactive\fP=false
    If true, prompt the user for input when required.

.PP
\fB\-\-limit\-bytes\fP=0
    Maximum bytes of logs to return. Defaults to no limit.

.PP
\fB\-p\fP, \fB\-\-previous\fP=false
    If true, print the logs for the previous instance of the container in a pod if it exists.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter on.

.PP
\fB\-\-since\fP=0
    Only return logs newer than a relative duration like 5s, 2m, or 3h. Defaults to all logs. Only one of since\-time / since may be used.

.PP
\fB\-\-since\-time\fP=""
    Only return logs after a specific date (RFC3339). Defaults to all logs. Only one of since\-time / since may be used.

.PP
\fB\-\-tail\fP=\-1
    Lines of recent log file to display. Defaults to \-1 with no selector, showing all log lines otherwise 10, if a selector is provided.

.PP
\fB\-\-timestamps\fP=false
    Include timestamps on each line in the log output


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-verification\-with\-non\-compliant\-keys\fP=false
    Allow a SignatureVerifier to use keys which are technically non\-compliant with RFC6962.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-httptest.serve\fP=""
    if non\-empty, httptest.NewServer serves on this address and blocks

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-data\-source\fP="influxdb"
    Data source used by InitialResources. Supported options: influxdb, gcm.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-dbname\fP="k8s"
    InfluxDB database name which contains metrics required by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-hawkular\fP=""
    Hawkular configuration URL

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-influxdb\-host\fP="localhost:8080/api/v1/namespaces/kube\-system/services/monitoring\-influxdb:api/proxy"
    Address of InfluxDB which contains metrics required by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-namespace\-only\fP=false
    Whether the estimation should be made only based on data from the same namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-password\fP="root"
    Password used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-percentile\fP=90
    Which percentile of samples should InitialResources use when estimating resources. For experiment purposes.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-user\fP="root"
    User used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Specify a kubeconfig file to define the configuration

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Return snapshot logs from pod nginx with only one container
  kubectl logs nginx
  
  # Return snapshot logs for the pods defined by label app=nginx
  kubectl logs \-lapp=nginx
  
  # Return snapshot of previous terminated ruby container logs from pod web\-1
  kubectl logs \-p \-c ruby web\-1
  
  # Begin streaming the logs of the ruby container in pod web\-1
  kubectl logs \-f \-c ruby web\-1
  
  # Display only the most recent 20 lines of output in pod nginx
  kubectl logs \-\-tail=20 nginx
  
  # Show all logs from pod nginx written in the last hour
  kubectl logs \-\-since=1h nginx
  
  # Return snapshot logs from first container of a job named hello
  kubectl logs job/hello
  
  # Return snapshot logs from container nginx\-1 of a deployment named nginx
  kubectl logs deployment/nginx \-c nginx\-1

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-kube(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
