.TH "OPENSHIFT ADMIN" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift admin create\-kubeconfig \- Create a basic .kubeconfig file from client certs


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift admin create\-kubeconfig\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Create's a .kubeconfig file at <\-\-kubeconfig> that looks like this:

.PP
clusters:
  \- cluster:
  certificate\-authority\-data: <contents of --certificate-authority>
  server: <\-\-master>
  name: <\-\-cluster>
  \- cluster:
  certificate\-authority\-data: <contents of --certificate-authority>
  server: <\-\-public\-master>
  name: public\-<\-\-cluster>
  contexts:
  \- context:
  cluster: <\-\-cluster>
  user: <\-\-user>
  namespace: <\-\-namespace>
  name: <\-\-context>
  \- context:
  cluster: public\-<\-\-cluster>
  user: <\-\-user>
  namespace: <\-\-namespace>
  name: public\-<\-\-context>
  current\-context: <\-\-context>
  kind: Config
  users:
  \- name: <\-\-user>
  user:
  client\-certificate\-data: <contents of --client-certificate>
  client\-key\-data: <contents of --client-key>


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=[openshift.local.config/master/ca.crt]
    Files containing signing authorities to use to verify the API server's serving certificate.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    The client cert file.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    The client key file.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=".kubeconfig"
    Path for the resulting .kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-\-master\fP="
\[la]https://localhost:8443"\[ra]
    The API server's URL.

.PP
\fB\-\-namespace\fP="default"
    Namespace for this context in .kubeconfig.

.PP
\fB\-\-public\-master\fP=""
    The API public facing server's URL (if applicable).


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-admin(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
