.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI SET" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli set image \- Update image of a pod template


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli set image\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Update existing container image(s) of resources.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\fP=false
    select all resources in the namespace of the specified resource types

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to a file identifying the resource to get from a server.

.PP
\fB\-\-local\fP=false
    If true, set image will NOT contact api\-server but run locally.

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
    When using the default or custom\-column output format, don't print headers.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|custom\-columns=...|custom\-columns\-file=...|go\-template=...|go\-template\-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath\-file=... See custom columns [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubectl-overview/#custom-columns\[ra]], golang template [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]] and jsonpath template [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/jsonpath\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    Output the formatted object with the given group version (for ex: 'extensions/v1beta1').

.PP
\fB\-\-record\fP=false
    Record current kubectl command in the resource annotation. If set to false, do not record the command. If set to true, record the command. If not set, default to updating the existing annotation value only if one already exists.

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter on

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-show\-all\fP=true
    When printing, show all resources (false means hide terminated pods.)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-labels\fP=false
    When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
    If non\-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.

.PP
\fB\-\-source\fP="istag"
    The image source type; valid types are valid values are 'imagestreamtag', 'istag', 'imagestreamimage', 'isimage', and 'docker'

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Set a deployment configs's nginx container image to 'nginx:1.9.1', and its busybox container image to 'busybox'.
  openshift cli set image dc/nginx busybox=busybox nginx=nginx:1.9.1
  
  # Update all deployments' and rc's nginx container's image to 'nginx:1.9.1'
  openshift cli set image deployments,rc nginx=nginx:1.9.1 \-\-all
  
  # Update image of all containers of daemonset abc to 'nginx:1.9.1'
  openshift cli set image daemonset abc *=nginx:1.9.1
  
  # Print result (in yaml format) of updating nginx container image from local file, without hitting the server
  openshift cli set image \-f path/to/file.yaml nginx=nginx:1.9.1 \-\-local \-o yaml

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli\-set(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
