.TH "OPENSHIFT START KUBERNETES" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift start kubernetes kubelet \- Launch the Kubelet (kubelet)


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift start kubernetes kubelet\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Start Kubelet

.PP
This command launches a Kubelet. All options are exposed. Use 'openshift start node' for
starting from a configuration file.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-address\fP=0.0.0.0
    The IP address for the Kubelet to serve on (set to 0.0.0.0 for all interfaces)

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-privileged\fP=false
    If true, allow containers to request privileged mode. [default=false]

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-servers\fP=[]
    List of Kubernetes API servers for publishing events, and reading pods and services. (ip:port), comma separated.

.PP
\fB\-\-auth\-path\fP=""
    Path to .kubernetes\_auth file, specifying how to authenticate to API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-babysit\-daemons\fP=false
    If true, the node has babysitter process monitoring docker and kubelet.

.PP
\fB\-\-cadvisor\-port\fP=4194
    The port of the localhost cAdvisor endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-cert\-dir\fP="/var/run/kubernetes"
    The directory where the TLS certs are located (by default /var/run/kubernetes). If \-\-tls\-cert\-file and \-\-tls\-private\-key\-file are provided, this flag will be ignored.

.PP
\fB\-\-cgroup\-root\fP=""
    Optional root cgroup to use for pods. This is handled by the container runtime on a best effort basis. Default: '', which means use the container runtime default.

.PP
\fB\-\-chaos\-chance\fP=0
    If > 0.0, introduce random client errors and latency. Intended for testing. [default=0.0]

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-config\fP=""
    The path to the cloud provider configuration file.  Empty string for no configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\fP="auto\-detect"
    The provider for cloud services. By default, kubelet will attempt to auto\-detect the cloud provider. Specify empty string for running with no cloud provider. [default=auto\-detect]

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\-dns\fP=""
    IP address for a cluster DNS server.  This value is used for containers' DNS server in case of Pods with "dnsPolicy=ClusterFirst"

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\-domain\fP=""
    Domain for this cluster.  If set, kubelet will configure all containers to search this domain in addition to the host's search domains

.PP
\fB\-\-cni\-bin\-dir\fP=""
    <Warning: Alpha feature> The full path of the directory in which to search for CNI plugin binaries. Default: /opt/cni/bin

.PP
\fB\-\-cni\-conf\-dir\fP=""
    <Warning: Alpha feature> The full path of the directory in which to search for CNI config files. Default: /etc/cni/net.d

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to to the directory containing pod manifest files to run, or the path to a single pod manifest file.

.PP
\fB\-\-configure\-cbr0\fP=false
    If true, kubelet will configure cbr0 based on Node.Spec.PodCIDR.

.PP
\fB\-\-container\-runtime\fP="docker"
    The container runtime to use. Possible values: 'docker', 'rkt'. Default: 'docker'.

.PP
\fB\-\-container\-runtime\-endpoint\fP=""
    The unix socket endpoint of remote runtime service. If not empty, this option will override \-\-container\-runtime. This is an experimental feature. Intended for testing only.

.PP
\fB\-\-containerized\fP=false
    Experimental support for running kubelet in a container.  Intended for testing. [default=false]

.PP
\fB\-\-cpu\-cfs\-quota\fP=true
    Enable CPU CFS quota enforcement for containers that specify CPU limits

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-endpoint\fP="unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
    Use this for the docker endpoint to communicate with

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-exec\-handler\fP="native"
    Handler to use when executing a command in a container. Valid values are 'native' and 'nsenter'. Defaults to 'native'.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-controller\-attach\-detach\fP=true
    Enables the Attach/Detach controller to manage attachment/detachment of volumes scheduled to this node, and disables kubelet from executing any attach/detach operations

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-custom\-metrics\fP=false
    Support for gathering custom metrics.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-debugging\-handlers\fP=true
    Enables server endpoints for log collection and local running of containers and commands

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-server\fP=true
    Enable the Kubelet's server

.PP
\fB\-\-event\-burst\fP=10
    Maximum size of a bursty event records, temporarily allows event records to burst to this number, while still not exceeding event\-qps. Only used if \-\-event\-qps > 0

.PP
\fB\-\-event\-qps\fP=5
    If > 0, limit event creations per second to this value. If 0, unlimited.

.PP
\fB\-\-eviction\-hard\fP="memory.available<100Mi"
    A set of eviction thresholds (e.g. memory.available<1Gi) that if met would trigger a pod eviction.

.PP
\fB\-\-eviction\-max\-pod\-grace\-period\fP=0
    Maximum allowed grace period (in seconds) to use when terminating pods in response to a soft eviction threshold being met.  If negative, defer to pod specified value.

.PP
\fB\-\-eviction\-minimum\-reclaim\fP=""
    A set of minimum reclaims (e.g. imagefs.available=2Gi) that describes the minimum amount of resource the kubelet will reclaim when performing a pod eviction if that resource is under pressure.

.PP
\fB\-\-eviction\-pressure\-transition\-period\fP=0
    Duration for which the kubelet has to wait before transitioning out of an eviction pressure condition.

.PP
\fB\-\-eviction\-soft\fP=""
    A set of eviction thresholds (e.g. memory.available<1.5Gi) that if met over a corresponding grace period would trigger a pod eviction.

.PP
\fB\-\-eviction\-soft\-grace\-period\fP=""
    A set of eviction grace periods (e.g. memory.available=1m30s) that correspond to how long a soft eviction threshold must hold before triggering a pod eviction.

.PP
\fB\-\-exit\-on\-lock\-contention\fP=false
    Whether kubelet should exit upon lock\-file contention.

.PP
\fB\-\-experimental\-allowed\-unsafe\-sysctls\fP=[]
    Comma\-separated whitelist of unsafe sysctls or unsafe sysctl patterns (ending in *). Use these at your own risk.

.PP
\fB\-\-experimental\-bootstrap\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    <Warning: Experimental feature> Path to a kubeconfig file that will be used to get client certificate for kubelet. If the file specified by \-\-kubeconfig does not exist, the bootstrap kubeconfig is used to request a client certificate from the API server. On success, a kubeconfig file referencing the generated key and obtained certificate is written to the path specified by \-\-kubeconfig. The certificate and key file will be stored in the directory pointed by \-\-cert\-dir.

.PP
\fB\-\-experimental\-flannel\-overlay\fP=false
    Experimental support for starting the kubelet with the default overlay network (flannel). Assumes flanneld is already running in client mode. [default=false]

.PP
\fB\-\-experimental\-nvidia\-gpus\fP=0
    Number of NVIDIA GPU devices on this node. Only 0 (default) and 1 are currently supported.

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for alpha/experimental features. Options are:
AllAlpha=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AllowExtTrafficLocalEndpoints=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AppArmor=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DynamicKubeletConfig=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DynamicVolumeProvisioning=true|false (ALPHA \- default=true)

.PP
\fB\-\-file\-check\-frequency\fP=0
    Duration between checking config files for new data

.PP
\fB\-\-hairpin\-mode\fP="promiscuous\-bridge"
    How should the kubelet setup hairpin NAT. This allows endpoints of a Service to loadbalance back to themselves if they should try to access their own Service. Valid values are "promiscuous\-bridge", "hairpin\-veth" and "none".

.PP
\fB\-\-healthz\-bind\-address\fP=127.0.0.1
    The IP address for the healthz server to serve on, defaulting to 127.0.0.1 (set to 0.0.0.0 for all interfaces)

.PP
\fB\-\-healthz\-port\fP=10248
    The port of the localhost healthz endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-host\-ipc\-sources\fP=[\fI]
    Comma\-separated list of sources from which the Kubelet allows pods to use the host ipc namespace. [default="\fP"]

.PP
\fB\-\-host\-network\-sources\fP=[\fI]
    Comma\-separated list of sources from which the Kubelet allows pods to use of host network. [default="\fP"]

.PP
\fB\-\-host\-pid\-sources\fP=[\fI]
    Comma\-separated list of sources from which the Kubelet allows pods to use the host pid namespace. [default="\fP"]

.PP
\fB\-\-hostname\-override\fP=""
    If non\-empty, will use this string as identification instead of the actual hostname.

.PP
\fB\-\-http\-check\-frequency\fP=0
    Duration between checking http for new data

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-gc\-high\-threshold\fP=90
    The percent of disk usage after which image garbage collection is always run. Default: 90%

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-gc\-low\-threshold\fP=80
    The percent of disk usage before which image garbage collection is never run. Lowest disk usage to garbage collect to. Default: 80%

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-service\-endpoint\fP=""
    The unix socket endpoint of remote image service. If not specified, it will be the same with container\-runtime\-endpoint by default. This is an experimental feature. Intended for testing only.

.PP
\fB\-\-iptables\-drop\-bit\fP=15
    The bit of the fwmark space to mark packets for dropping. Must be within the range [0, 31].

.PP
\fB\-\-iptables\-masquerade\-bit\fP=14
    The bit of the fwmark space to mark packets for SNAT. Must be within the range [0, 31]. Please match this parameter with corresponding parameter in kube\-proxy.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-burst\fP=10
    Burst to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-content\-type\fP="application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf"
    Content type of requests sent to apiserver.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-qps\fP=5
    QPS to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-reserved\fP=
    A set of ResourceName=ResourceQuantity (e.g. cpu=200m,memory=150G) pairs that describe resources reserved for kubernetes system components. Currently only cpu and memory are supported. See 
\[la]http://releases.k8s.io/HEAD/docs/user-guide/compute-resources.md\[ra] for more detail. [default=none]

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP="/var/lib/kubelet/kubeconfig"
    Path to a kubeconfig file, specifying how to connect to the API server. \-\-api\-servers will be used for the location unless \-\-require\-kubeconfig is set.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubelet\-cgroups\fP=""
    Optional absolute name of cgroups to create and run the Kubelet in.

.PP
\fB\-\-lock\-file\fP=""
    <Warning: Alpha feature> The path to file for kubelet to use as a lock file.

.PP
\fB\-\-low\-diskspace\-threshold\-mb\fP=256
    The absolute free disk space, in MB, to maintain. When disk space falls below this threshold, new pods would be rejected. Default: 256

.PP
\fB\-\-make\-iptables\-util\-chains\fP=true
    If true, kubelet will ensure iptables utility rules are present on host.

.PP
\fB\-\-manifest\-url\fP=""
    URL for accessing the container manifest

.PP
\fB\-\-manifest\-url\-header\fP=""
    HTTP header to use when accessing the manifest URL, with the key separated from the value with a ':', as in 'key:value'

.PP
\fB\-\-master\-service\-namespace\fP="default"
    The namespace from which the kubernetes master services should be injected into pods

.PP
\fB\-\-max\-open\-files\fP=1000000
    Number of files that can be opened by Kubelet process. [default=1000000]

.PP
\fB\-\-max\-pods\fP=110
    Number of Pods that can run on this Kubelet.

.PP
\fB\-\-maximum\-dead\-containers\fP=\-1
    Maximum number of old instances of containers to retain globally.  Each container takes up some disk space.  Default: 100.

.PP
\fB\-\-maximum\-dead\-containers\-per\-container\fP=1
    Maximum number of old instances to retain per container.  Each container takes up some disk space.  Default: 2.

.PP
\fB\-\-minimum\-container\-ttl\-duration\fP=0
    Minimum age for a finished container before it is garbage collected.  Examples: '300ms', '10s' or '2h45m'

.PP
\fB\-\-minimum\-image\-ttl\-duration\fP=0
    Minimum age for an unused image before it is garbage collected.  Examples: '300ms', '10s' or '2h45m'. Default: '2m'

.PP
\fB\-\-network\-plugin\fP=""
    <Warning: Alpha feature> The name of the network plugin to be invoked for various events in kubelet/pod lifecycle

.PP
\fB\-\-network\-plugin\-dir\fP=""
    <Warning: Alpha feature> The full path of the directory in which to search for network plugins or CNI config

.PP
\fB\-\-network\-plugin\-mtu\fP=0
    <Warning: Alpha feature> The MTU to be passed to the network plugin, to override the default. Set to 0 to use the default 1460 MTU.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-ip\fP=""
    IP address of the node. If set, kubelet will use this IP address for the node

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-labels\fP=
    <Warning: Alpha feature> Labels to add when registering the node in the cluster.  Labels must be key=value pairs separated by ','.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-status\-update\-frequency\fP=0
    Specifies how often kubelet posts node status to master. Note: be cautious when changing the constant, it must work with nodeMonitorGracePeriod in nodecontroller. Default: 10s

.PP
\fB\-\-non\-masquerade\-cidr\fP="10.0.0.0/8"
    Traffic to IPs outside this range will use IP masquerade.

.PP
\fB\-\-oom\-score\-adj\fP=\-999
    The oom\-score\-adj value for kubelet process. Values must be within the range [\-1000, 1000]

.PP
\fB\-\-outofdisk\-transition\-frequency\fP=0
    Duration for which the kubelet has to wait before transitioning out of out\-of\-disk node condition status. Default: 5m0s

.PP
\fB\-\-pod\-cidr\fP=""
    The CIDR to use for pod IP addresses, only used in standalone mode.  In cluster mode, this is obtained from the master.

.PP
\fB\-\-pod\-infra\-container\-image\fP="gcr.io/google\_containers/pause\-amd64:3.0"
    The image whose network/ipc namespaces containers in each pod will use.

.PP
\fB\-\-pod\-manifest\-path\fP=""
    Path to to the directory containing pod manifest files to run, or the path to a single pod manifest file.

.PP
\fB\-\-pods\-per\-core\fP=0
    Number of Pods per core that can run on this Kubelet. The total number of Pods on this Kubelet cannot exceed max\-pods, so max\-pods will be used if this calculation results in a larger number of Pods allowed on the Kubelet. A value of 0 disables this limit.

.PP
\fB\-\-port\fP=10250
    The port for the Kubelet to serve on.

.PP
\fB\-\-protect\-kernel\-defaults\fP=false
    Default kubelet behaviour for kernel tuning. If set, kubelet errors if any of kernel tunables is different than kubelet defaults.

.PP
\fB\-\-read\-only\-port\fP=10255
    The read\-only port for the Kubelet to serve on with no authentication/authorization (set to 0 to disable)

.PP
\fB\-\-really\-crash\-for\-testing\fP=false
    If true, when panics occur crash. Intended for testing.

.PP
\fB\-\-reconcile\-cidr\fP=true
    Reconcile node CIDR with the CIDR specified by the API server. No\-op if register\-node or configure\-cbr0 is false. [default=true]

.PP
\fB\-\-register\-node\fP=true
    Register the node with the apiserver (defaults to true if \-\-api\-servers is set)

.PP
\fB\-\-register\-schedulable\fP=true
    Register the node as schedulable. No\-op if register\-node is false. [default=true]

.PP
\fB\-\-registry\-burst\fP=10
    Maximum size of a bursty pulls, temporarily allows pulls to burst to this number, while still not exceeding registry\-qps.  Only used if \-\-registry\-qps > 0

.PP
\fB\-\-registry\-qps\fP=5
    If > 0, limit registry pull QPS to this value.  If 0, unlimited. [default=5.0]

.PP
\fB\-\-require\-kubeconfig\fP=false
    If true the Kubelet will exit if there are configuration errors, and will ignore the value of \-\-api\-servers in favor of the server defined in the kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-\-resolv\-conf\fP="/etc/resolv.conf"
    Resolver configuration file used as the basis for the container DNS resolution configuration.

.PP
\fB\-\-resource\-container\fP=""
    Optional absolute name of the resource\-only container to create and run the Kubelet in.

.PP
\fB\-\-rkt\-api\-endpoint\fP="localhost:15441"
    The endpoint of the rkt API service to communicate with. Only used if \-\-container\-runtime='rkt'.

.PP
\fB\-\-rkt\-path\fP=""
    Path of rkt binary. Leave empty to use the first rkt in $PATH.  Only used if \-\-container\-runtime='rkt'.

.PP
\fB\-\-rkt\-stage1\-image\fP=""
    image to use as stage1. Local paths and http/https URLs are supported. If empty, the 'stage1.aci' in the same directory as '\-\-rkt\-path' will be used.

.PP
\fB\-\-root\-dir\fP="/var/lib/kubelet"
    Directory path for managing kubelet files (volume mounts,etc).

.PP
\fB\-\-runonce\fP=false
    If true, exit after spawning pods from local manifests or remote urls. Exclusive with \-\-api\-servers, and \-\-enable\-server

.PP
\fB\-\-runtime\-cgroups\fP=""
    Optional absolute name of cgroups to create and run the runtime in.

.PP
\fB\-\-runtime\-request\-timeout\fP=0
    Timeout of all runtime requests except long running request \- pull, logs, exec and attach. When timeout exceeded, kubelet will cancel the request, throw out an error and retry later. Default: 2m0s

.PP
\fB\-\-seccomp\-profile\-root\fP="/var/lib/kubelet/seccomp"
    Directory path for seccomp profiles.

.PP
\fB\-\-serialize\-image\-pulls\fP=true
    Pull images one at a time. We recommend \fInot\fP changing the default value on nodes that run docker daemon with version < 1.9 or an Aufs storage backend. Issue #10959 has more details. [default=true]

.PP
\fB\-\-streaming\-connection\-idle\-timeout\fP=0
    Maximum time a streaming connection can be idle before the connection is automatically closed. 0 indicates no timeout. Example: '5m'

.PP
\fB\-\-sync\-frequency\fP=0
    Max period between synchronizing running containers and config

.PP
\fB\-\-system\-cgroups\fP=""
    Optional absolute name of cgroups in which to place all non\-kernel processes that are not already inside a cgroup under \fB\fC/\fR. Empty for no container. Rolling back the flag requires a reboot. (Default: "").

.PP
\fB\-\-system\-container\fP=""
    Optional resource\-only container in which to place all non\-kernel processes that are not already in a container. Empty for no container. Rolling back the flag requires a reboot. (Default: "").

.PP
\fB\-\-system\-reserved\fP=
    A set of ResourceName=ResourceQuantity (e.g. cpu=200m,memory=150G) pairs that describe resources reserved for non\-kubernetes components. Currently only cpu and memory are supported. See 
\[la]http://releases.k8s.io/HEAD/docs/user-guide/compute-resources.md\[ra] for more detail. [default=none]

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-cert\-file\fP=""
    File containing x509 Certificate for HTTPS.  (CA cert, if any, concatenated after server cert). If \-\-tls\-cert\-file and \-\-tls\-private\-key\-file are not provided, a self\-signed certificate and key are generated for the public address and saved to the directory passed to \-\-cert\-dir.

.PP
\fB\-\-tls\-private\-key\-file\fP=""
    File containing x509 private key matching \-\-tls\-cert\-file.

.PP
\fB\-\-volume\-plugin\-dir\fP="/usr/libexec/kubernetes/kubelet\-plugins/volume/exec/"
    <Warning: Alpha feature> The full path of the directory in which to search for additional third party volume plugins

.PP
\fB\-\-volume\-stats\-agg\-period\fP=0
    Specifies interval for kubelet to calculate and cache the volume disk usage for all pods and volumes.  To disable volume calculations, set to 0.  Default: '1m'


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-start\-kubernetes(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
