.TH "OPENSHIFT EX" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift ex ipfailover \- Install an IP failover group to a set of nodes


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift ex ipfailover\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Configure or view IP Failover configuration

.PP
This command helps to setup an IP failover configuration for the cluster. An administrator can configure IP failover on an entire cluster or on a subset of nodes (as defined via a labeled selector).

.PP
If an IP failover configuration does not exist with the given name, the \-\-create flag can be passed to create a deployment configuration that will provide IP failover capability. If you are running in production, it is recommended that the labeled selector for the nodes matches at least 2 nodes to ensure you have failover protection, and that you provide a \-\-replicas= <n> value that matches the number of nodes for the given labeled selector.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-create\fP=false
    Create the configuration if it does not exist.

.PP
\fB\-\-credentials\fP=""
    Path to a .kubeconfig file that will contain the credentials the router should use to contact the master.

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, show the result of the operation without performing it.

.PP
\fB\-\-images\fP="openshift/origin\-${component}:${version}"
    The image to base this IP failover configurator on \- ${component} will be replaced based on \-\-type.

.PP
\fB\-i\fP, \fB\-\-interface\fP=""
    Network interface bound by VRRP to use for the set of virtual IP ranges/addresses specified.

.PP
\fB\-\-iptables\-chain\fP="INPUT"
    Add a rule to this iptables chain to accept 224.0.0.28 multicast packets if no rule exists. When iptables\-chain is empty do not change iptables.

.PP
\fB\-\-latest\-images\fP=false
    If true, attempt to use the latest images instead of the current release

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output results as yaml or json instead of executing, or use name for succint output (resource/name).

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    The preferred API versions of the output objects

.PP
\fB\-r\fP, \fB\-\-replicas\fP=1
    The replication factor of this IP failover configuration; commonly 2 when high availability is desired. Please ensure this matches the number of nodes that satisfy the selector (or default selector) specified.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP="ipfailover=<name>"
    Selector (label query) to filter nodes on.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-account\fP="ipfailover"
    Name of the service account to use to run the ipfailover pod.

.PP
\fB\-\-type\fP="keepalived"
    The type of IP failover configurator to use.

.PP
\fB\-\-virtual\-ips\fP=""
    A set of virtual IP ranges and/or addresses that the routers bind and serve on and provide IP failover capability for.

.PP
\fB\-\-vrrp\-id\-offset\fP=0
    Offset to use for setting ids of VRRP instances (default offset is 0). This allows multiple ipfailover instances to run within the same cluster.

.PP
\fB\-w\fP, \fB\-\-watch\-port\fP=80
    Port to monitor or watch for resource availability.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Check the default IP failover configuration ("ipfailover"):
  openshift ex ipfailover
  
  # See what the IP failover configuration would look like if it is created:
  openshift ex ipfailover \-o json
  
  # Create an IP failover configuration if it does not already exist:
  openshift ex ipfailover ipf \-\-virtual\-ips="10.1.1.1\-4" \-\-create
  
  # Create an IP failover configuration on a selection of nodes labeled
  # "router=us\-west\-ha" (on 4 nodes with 7 virtual IPs monitoring a service
  # listening on port 80, such as the router process).
  openshift ex ipfailover ipfailover \-\-selector="router=us\-west\-ha" \-\-virtual\-ips="1.2.3.4,10.1.1.100\-104,5.6.7.8" \-\-watch\-port=80 \-\-replicas=4 \-\-create
  
  # Use a different IP failover config image and see the configuration:
  openshift ex ipfailover ipf\-alt \-\-selector="hagroup=us\-west\-ha" \-\-virtual\-ips="1.2.3.4" \-o yaml \-\-images=myrepo/myipfailover:mytag

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-ex(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
