.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli whoami \- Return information about the current session


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli whoami\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Show information about the current session

.PP
The default options for this command will return the currently authenticated user name or an empty string.  Other flags support returning the currently used token or the user context.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-c\fP, \fB\-\-show\-context\fP=false
    Print the current user context name

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-server\fP=false
    Print the current server's REST API URL

.PP
\fB\-t\fP, \fB\-\-show\-token\fP=false
    Print the token the current session is using. This will return an error if you are using a different form of authentication.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
