.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli tag \- Tag existing images into image streams


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli tag\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Tag existing images into image streams

.PP
The tag command allows you to take an existing tag or image from an image stream, or a Docker image pull spec, and set it as the most recent image for a tag in 1 or more other image streams. It is similar to the 'docker tag' command, but it operates on image streams instead.

.PP
Pass the \-\-insecure flag if your external registry does not have a valid HTTPS certificate, or is only served over HTTP. Pass \-\-scheduled to have the server regularly check the tag for updates and import the latest version (which can then trigger builds and deployments). Note that \-\-scheduled is only allowed for Docker images.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-alias\fP=false
    Should the destination tag be updated whenever the source tag changes. Defaults to false.

.PP
\fB\-d\fP, \fB\-\-delete\fP=false
    Delete the provided spec tags

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\fP=false
    Set to true if importing the specified Docker image requires HTTP or has a self\-signed certificate.

.PP
\fB\-\-reference\fP=false
    Should the destination tag continue to pull from the source namespace. Defaults to false.

.PP
\fB\-\-scheduled\fP=false
    Set a Docker image to be periodically imported from a remote repository.

.PP
\fB\-\-source\fP=""
    Optional hint for the source type; valid values are 'imagestreamtag', 'istag', 'imagestreamimage', 'isimage', and 'docker'


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Tag the current image for the image stream 'openshift/ruby' and tag '2.0' into the image stream 'yourproject/ruby with tag 'tip'.
  openshift cli tag openshift/ruby:2.0 yourproject/ruby:tip
  
  # Tag a specific image.
  openshift cli tag openshift/ruby@sha256:6b646fa6bf5e5e4c7fa41056c27910e679c03ebe7f93e361e6515a9da7e258cc yourproject/ruby:tip
  
  # Tag an external Docker image.
  openshift cli tag \-\-source=docker openshift/origin:latest yourproject/ruby:tip
  
  # Remove the specified spec tag from an image stream.
  openshift cli tag openshift/origin:latest \-d

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
