.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli rsync \- Copy files between local filesystem and a pod


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli rsync\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Copy local files to or from a pod container

.PP
This command will copy local files to or from a remote container. It only copies the changed files using the rsync command from your OS. To ensure optimum performance, install rsync locally. In UNIX systems, use your package manager. In Windows, install cwRsync from 
\[la]https://www.itefix.net/cwrsync\[ra].

.PP
If no container is specified, the first container of the pod is used for the copy.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-c\fP, \fB\-\-container\fP=""
    Container within the pod

.PP
\fB\-\-delete\fP=false
    Delete files not present in source

.PP
\fB\-\-exclude\fP=[]
    rsync \- exclude files matching specified pattern

.PP
\fB\-\-include\fP=[]
    rsync \- include files matching specified pattern

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-perms\fP=false
    rsync \- do not transfer permissions

.PP
\fB\-\-progress\fP=false
    rsync \- show progress during transfer

.PP
\fB\-q\fP, \fB\-\-quiet\fP=false
    Suppress non\-error messages

.PP
\fB\-\-strategy\fP=""
    Specify which strategy to use for copy: rsync, rsync\-daemon, or tar

.PP
\fB\-w\fP, \fB\-\-watch\fP=false
    Watch directory for changes and resync automatically


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Synchronize a local directory with a pod directory
  openshift cli rsync ./local/dir/ POD:/remote/dir
  
  # Synchronize a pod directory with a local directory
  openshift cli rsync POD:/remote/dir/ ./local/dir

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
