.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli import\-image \- Imports images from a Docker registry


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli import\-image\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Import tag and image information from an external Docker image repository

.PP
Only image streams that have a value set for spec.dockerImageRepository and/or spec.Tags may have tag and image information imported.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\fP=false
    If true, import all tags from the provided source on creation or if \-\-from is specified

.PP
\fB\-\-confirm\fP=false
    If true, allow the image stream import location to be set or changed

.PP
\fB\-\-from\fP=""
    A Docker image repository to import images from

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\fP=false
    If true, allow importing from registries that have invalid HTTPS certificates or are hosted via HTTP. This flag will take precedence over the insecure annotation.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  openshift cli import\-image mystream

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
