.TH "OPENSHIFT START KUBERNETES" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift start kubernetes proxy \- Launch Kubernetes proxy (kube\-proxy)


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift start kubernetes proxy\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Start Kubernetes Proxy

.PP
This command launches an instance of the Kubernetes proxy (kube\-proxy).


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-bind\-address\fP=0.0.0.0
    The IP address for the proxy server to serve on (set to 0.0.0.0 for all interfaces)

.PP
\fB\-\-cleanup\-iptables\fP=false
    If true cleanup iptables rules and exit.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\-cidr\fP=""
    The CIDR range of pods in the cluster. It is used to bridge traffic coming from outside of the cluster. If not provided, no off\-cluster bridging will be performed.

.PP
\fB\-\-config\-sync\-period\fP=0
    How often configuration from the apiserver is refreshed.  Must be greater than 0.

.PP
\fB\-\-conntrack\-max\fP=0
    Maximum number of NAT connections to track (0 to leave as\-is).

.PP
\fB\-\-conntrack\-max\-per\-core\fP=32768
    Maximum number of NAT connections to track per CPU core (0 to leave as\-is). This is only considered if conntrack\-max is 0.

.PP
\fB\-\-conntrack\-tcp\-timeout\-established\fP=0
    Idle timeout for established TCP connections (0 to leave as\-is)

.PP
\fB\-\-feature\-gates\fP=
    A set of key=value pairs that describe feature gates for alpha/experimental features. Options are:
AllAlpha=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AllowExtTrafficLocalEndpoints=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
AppArmor=true|false (BETA \- default=true)
DynamicKubeletConfig=true|false (ALPHA \- default=false)
DynamicVolumeProvisioning=true|false (ALPHA \- default=true)

.PP
\fB\-\-healthz\-bind\-address\fP=127.0.0.1
    The IP address for the health check server to serve on, defaulting to 127.0.0.1 (set to 0.0.0.0 for all interfaces)

.PP
\fB\-\-healthz\-port\fP=10249
    The port to bind the health check server. Use 0 to disable.

.PP
\fB\-\-hostname\-override\fP=""
    If non\-empty, will use this string as identification instead of the actual hostname.

.PP
\fB\-\-iptables\-masquerade\-bit\fP=14
    If using the pure iptables proxy, the bit of the fwmark space to mark packets requiring SNAT with.  Must be within the range [0, 31].

.PP
\fB\-\-iptables\-sync\-period\fP=0
    How often iptables rules are refreshed (e.g. '5s', '1m', '2h22m').  Must be greater than 0.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-burst\fP=10
    Burst to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-content\-type\fP="application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf"
    Content type of requests sent to apiserver.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-qps\fP=5
    QPS to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to kubeconfig file with authorization information (the master location is set by the master flag).

.PP
\fB\-\-masquerade\-all\fP=false
    If using the pure iptables proxy, SNAT everything

.PP
\fB\-\-master\fP=""
    The address of the Kubernetes API server (overrides any value in kubeconfig)

.PP
\fB\-\-oom\-score\-adj\fP=\-999
    The oom\-score\-adj value for kube\-proxy process. Values must be within the range [\-1000, 1000]

.PP
\fB\-\-proxy\-mode\fP=
    Which proxy mode to use: 'userspace' (older) or 'iptables' (faster). If blank, look at the Node object on the Kubernetes API and respect the 'net.experimental.kubernetes.io/proxy\-mode' annotation if provided.  Otherwise use the best\-available proxy (currently iptables).  If the iptables proxy is selected, regardless of how, but the system's kernel or iptables versions are insufficient, this always falls back to the userspace proxy.

.PP
\fB\-\-proxy\-port\-range\fP=
    Range of host ports (beginPort\-endPort, inclusive) that may be consumed in order to proxy service traffic. If unspecified (0\-0) then ports will be randomly chosen.

.PP
\fB\-\-resource\-container\fP=""
    Absolute name of the resource\-only container to create and run the Kube\-proxy in (Default: /kube\-proxy).

.PP
\fB\-\-udp\-timeout\fP=0
    How long an idle UDP connection will be kept open (e.g. '250ms', '2s').  Must be greater than 0. Only applicable for proxy\-mode=userspace


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-start\-kubernetes(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
