.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI SECRETS" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli secrets link \- Link secrets to a ServiceAccount


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli secrets link\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Link secrets to a service account

.PP
Linking a secret enables a service account to automatically use that secret for some forms of authentication.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-for\fP=[mount]
    type of secret to link: mount or pull


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Add an image pull secret to a service account to automatically use it for pulling pod images:
  openshift cli secrets link serviceaccount\-name pull\-secret \-\-for=pull
  
  # Add an image pull secret to a service account to automatically use it for both pulling and pushing build images:
  openshift cli secrets link builder builder\-image\-secret \-\-for=pull,mount
  
  # If the cluster's serviceAccountConfig is operating with limitSecretReferences: True, secrets must be added to the pod's service account whitelist in order to be available to the pod:
  openshift cli secrets link pod\-sa pod\-secret

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli\-secrets(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
