.TH "OPENSHIFT ADMIN" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift admin config \- Change configuration files for the client


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift admin config\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Manage the client config files

.PP
The client stores configuration in the current user's home directory (under the .kube directory as config). When you login the first time, a new config file is created, and subsequent project changes with the 'project' command will set the current context. These subcommands allow you to manage the config directly.

.PP
Reference: 
\[la]https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/docs/user-guide/kubeconfig-file.md\[ra]


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    use a particular kubeconfig file


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Change the config context to use
  openshift admin config use\-context my\-context
  
  # Set the value of a config preference
  openshift admin config set preferences.some true

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-admin(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-admin\-config\-current\-context(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-admin\-config\-delete\-cluster(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-admin\-config\-delete\-context(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-admin\-config\-get\-clusters(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-admin\-config\-get\-contexts(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-admin\-config\-set(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-admin\-config\-set\-cluster(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-admin\-config\-set\-context(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-admin\-config\-set\-credentials(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-admin\-config\-unset(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-admin\-config\-use\-context(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-admin\-config\-view(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
