.TH "OPENSHIFT" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift start \- Launch all\-in\-one server


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift start\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Start an all\-in\-one server

.PP
This command helps you launch an all\-in\-one server, which allows you to run all of the components of an enterprise Kubernetes system on a server with Docker. Running:

.PP
openshift start

.PP
will start listening on all interfaces, launch an etcd server to store persistent data, and launch the Kubernetes system components. The server will run in the foreground until you terminate the process.  This command delegates to "openshift start master" and "openshift start node".

.PP
Note: starting OpenShift without passing the \-\-master address will attempt to find the IP address that will be visible inside running Docker containers. This is not always successful, so if you have problems tell OpenShift what public address it will be via \-\-master= <ip>.

.PP
You may also pass \-\-etcd= <address>to connect to an external etcd server.

.PP
You may also pass \-\-kubeconfig= <path>to connect to an external Kubernetes cluster.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=[]
    Optional files containing signing authorities to use (in addition to the generated signer) to verify the API server's serving certificate.

.PP
\fB\-\-cors\-allowed\-origins\fP=[]
    List of allowed origins for CORS, comma separated.  An allowed origin can be a regular expression to support subdomain matching.  CORS is enabled for localhost, 127.0.0.1, and the asset server by default.

.PP
\fB\-\-create\-certs\fP=true
    Indicates whether missing certs should be created.

.PP
\fB\-\-dns\fP="tcp://0.0.0.0:8053"
    The address to listen for DNS requests on.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\fP="
\[la]https://0.0.0.0:4001"\[ra]
    The address of the etcd server (host, host:port, or URL). If specified, no built\-in etcd will be started.

.PP
\fB\-\-etcd\-dir\fP="openshift.local.etcd"
    The etcd data directory.

.PP
\fB\-\-hostname\fP="<hostname>"
    The hostname to identify this node with the master.

.PP
\fB\-\-images\fP="openshift/origin\-${component}:${version}"
    When fetching images used by the cluster for important components, use this format on both master and nodes. The latest release will be used by default.

.PP
\fB\-\-latest\-images\fP=false
    If true, attempt to use the latest images for the cluster instead of the latest release.

.PP
\fB\-\-listen\fP="
\[la]https://0.0.0.0:8443"\[ra]
    The address to listen for connections on (scheme://host:port).

.PP
\fB\-\-master\fP="
\[la]https://localhost:8443"\[ra]
    The master address for use by OpenShift components (host, host:port, or URL). Scheme and port default to the \-\-listen scheme and port. When unset, attempt to use the first public IPv4 non\-loopback address registered on this host.

.PP
\fB\-\-master\-config\fP=""
    Location of the master configuration file to run from. When running from configuration files, all other command\-line arguments are ignored.

.PP
\fB\-\-network\-plugin\fP=""
    The network plugin to be called for configuring networking for pods.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-config\fP=""
    Location of the node configuration file to run from. When running from configuration files, all other command\-line arguments are ignored.

.PP
\fB\-\-pause\fP=false
    If true, wait for a signal before starting the controllers.

.PP
\fB\-\-portal\-net\fP="172.30.0.0/16"
    The CIDR string representing the network that portal/service IPs will be assigned from. This must not overlap with any IP ranges assigned to nodes for pods.

.PP
\fB\-\-print\-ip\fP=false
    Print the IP that would be used if no master IP is specified and exit.

.PP
\fB\-\-public\-master\fP="
\[la]https://localhost:8443"\[ra]
    The master address for use by public clients, if different (host, host:port, or URL). Defaults to same as \-\-master.

.PP
\fB\-\-volume\-dir\fP="openshift.local.volumes"
    The volume storage directory.

.PP
\fB\-\-write\-config\fP=""
    Directory to write an initial config into.  After writing, exit without starting the server.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-start\-etcd(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-start\-kubernetes(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-start\-master(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-start\-network(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-start\-node(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
