.TH "OPENSHIFT KUBE" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift kube rolling\-update \- Perform a rolling update of the given ReplicationController


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift kube rolling\-update\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Perform a rolling update of the given ReplicationController.

.PP
Replaces the specified replication controller with a new replication controller by updating one pod at a time to use the new PodTemplate. The new\-controller.json must specify the same namespace as the existing replication controller and overwrite at least one (common) label in its replicaSelector.

.PP
! 
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/images/docs/kubectl_rollingupdate.svg\[ra]


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-missing\-template\-keys\fP=true
    If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats.

.PP
\fB\-\-container\fP=""
    Container name which will have its image upgraded. Only relevant when \-\-image is specified, ignored otherwise. Required when using \-\-image on a multi\-container pod

.PP
\fB\-\-deployment\-label\-key\fP="deployment"
    The key to use to differentiate between two different controllers, default 'deployment'.  Only relevant when \-\-image is specified, ignored otherwise

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, only print the object that would be sent, without sending it.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename or URL to file to use to create the new replication controller.

.PP
\fB\-\-image\fP=""
    Image to use for upgrading the replication controller. Must be distinct from the existing image (either new image or new image tag).  Can not be used with \-\-filename/\-f

.PP
\fB\-\-image\-pull\-policy\fP=""
    Explicit policy for when to pull container images. Required when \-\-image is same as existing image, ignored otherwise.

.PP
\fB\-\-include\-extended\-apis\fP=true
    If true, include definitions of new APIs via calls to the API server. [default true]

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
    When using the default or custom\-column output format, don't print headers (default print headers).

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|custom\-columns=...|custom\-columns\-file=...|go\-template=...|go\-template\-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath\-file=... See custom columns [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubectl-overview/#custom-columns\[ra]], golang template [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]] and jsonpath template [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/jsonpath\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-poll\-interval\fP=0
    Time delay between polling for replication controller status after the update. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".

.PP
\fB\-\-rollback\fP=false
    If true, this is a request to abort an existing rollout that is partially rolled out. It effectively reverses current and next and runs a rollout

.PP
\fB\-\-schema\-cache\-dir\fP="\~/.kube/schema"
    If non\-empty, load/store cached API schemas in this directory, default is '$HOME/.kube/schema'

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-show\-all\fP=false
    When printing, show all resources (default hide terminated pods.)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-labels\fP=false
    When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
    If non\-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-timeout\fP=0
    Max time to wait for a replication controller to update before giving up. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".

.PP
\fB\-\-update\-period\fP=0
    Time to wait between updating pods. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".

.PP
\fB\-\-validate\fP=true
    If true, use a schema to validate the input before sending it


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-verification\-with\-non\-compliant\-keys\fP=false
    Allow a SignatureVerifier to use keys which are technically non\-compliant with RFC6962.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-httptest.serve\fP=""
    if non\-empty, httptest.NewServer serves on this address and blocks

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-data\-source\fP="influxdb"
    Data source used by InitialResources. Supported options: influxdb, gcm.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-dbname\fP="k8s"
    InfluxDB database name which contains metrics required by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-hawkular\fP=""
    Hawkular configuration URL

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-influxdb\-host\fP="localhost:8080/api/v1/namespaces/kube\-system/services/monitoring\-influxdb:api/proxy"
    Address of InfluxDB which contains metrics required by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-namespace\-only\fP=false
    Whether the estimation should be made only based on data from the same namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-password\fP="root"
    Password used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-percentile\fP=90
    Which percentile of samples should InitialResources use when estimating resources. For experiment purposes.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-user\fP="root"
    User used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Specify a kubeconfig file to define the configuration

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Update pods of frontend\-v1 using new replication controller data in frontend\-v2.json.
  kubectl rolling\-update frontend\-v1 \-f frontend\-v2.json
  
  # Update pods of frontend\-v1 using JSON data passed into stdin.
  cat frontend\-v2.json | kubectl rolling\-update frontend\-v1 \-f \-
  
  # Update the pods of frontend\-v1 to frontend\-v2 by just changing the image, and switching the
  # name of the replication controller.
  kubectl rolling\-update frontend\-v1 frontend\-v2 \-\-image=image:v2
  
  # Update the pods of frontend by just changing the image, and keeping the old name.
  kubectl rolling\-update frontend \-\-image=image:v2
  
  # Abort and reverse an existing rollout in progress (from frontend\-v1 to frontend\-v2).
  kubectl rolling\-update frontend\-v1 frontend\-v2 \-\-rollback

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-kube(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
