.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI SERVICEACCOUNTS" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli serviceaccounts new\-token \- Generate a new token for a service account.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli serviceaccounts new\-token\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Generate a new token for a service account.

.PP
Service account API tokens are used by service accounts to authenticate to the API. This command will generate a new token, which could be used to compartmentalize service account actions by executing them with distinct tokens, to rotate out pre\-existing token on the service account, or for use by an external client. If a label is provided, it will be applied to any created token so that tokens created with this command can be idenitifed.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-labels\fP=""
    labels to set in all resources for this application, given as a comma\-delimited list of key\-value pairs

.PP
\fB\-\-timeout\fP=0
    the maximum time allowed to generate a token


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Generate a new token for service account 'default'
  openshift cli serviceaccounts new\-token 'default'
  
  # Generate a new token for service account 'default' and apply
  # labels 'foo' and 'bar' to the new token for identification
  # openshift cli serviceaccounts new\-token 'default' \-\-labels foo=foo\-value,bar=bar\-value

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli\-serviceaccounts(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
