.TH "OPENSHIFT ADMIN PRUNE" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift admin prune groups \- Prune OpenShift groups referencing missing records on an external provider.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift admin prune groups\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Prune OpenShift Groups referencing missing records on from an external provider.

.PP
In order to prune OpenShift Group records using those from an external provider, determine which Groups you wish to prune. For instance, all or some groups may be selected from the current Groups stored in OpenShift that have been synced previously. Any combination of a literal whitelist, a whitelist file and a blacklist file is supported. The path to a sync configuration file that was used for syncing the groups in question is required in order to describe how data is requested from the external record store. Default behavior is to indicate all OpenShift groups for which the external record does not exist, to run the pruning process and commit the results, use the \-\-confirm flag.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-blacklist\fP=""
    path to the group blacklist file

.PP
\fB\-\-confirm\fP=false
    if true, modify OpenShift groups; if false, display groups

.PP
\fB\-\-sync\-config\fP=""
    path to the sync config

.PP
\fB\-\-whitelist\fP=""
    path to the group whitelist file


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Prune all orphaned groups
  openshift admin prune groups \-\-sync\-config=/path/to/ldap\-sync\-config.yaml \-\-confirm
  
  # Prune all orphaned groups except the ones from the blacklist file
  openshift admin prune groups \-\-blacklist=/path/to/blacklist.txt \-\-sync\-config=/path/to/ldap\-sync\-config.yaml \-\-confirm
  
  # Prune all orphaned groups from a list of specific groups specified in a whitelist file
  openshift admin prune groups \-\-whitelist=/path/to/whitelist.txt \-\-sync\-config=/path/to/ldap\-sync\-config.yaml \-\-confirm
  
  # Prune all orphaned groups from a list of specific groups specified in a whitelist
  openshift admin prune groups groups/group\_name groups/other\_name \-\-sync\-config=/path/to/ldap\-sync\-config.yaml \-\-confirm

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-admin\-prune(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
