.TH "OPENSHIFT INFRA" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift infra router \- Start a router


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift infra router\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Start a router

.PP
This command launches a router connected to your cluster master. The router listens for routes and endpoints created by users and keeps a local router configuration up to date with those changes.

.PP
You may customize the router by providing your own \-\-template and \-\-reload scripts.

.PP
The router must have a default certificate in pem format. You may provide it via \-\-default\-cert otherwise one is automatically created.

.PP
You may restrict the set of routes exposed to a single project (with \-\-namespace), projects your client has access to with a set of labels (\-\-project\-labels), namespaces matching a label (\-\-namespace\-labels), or all namespaces (no argument). You can limit the routes to those matching a \-\-labels or \-\-fields selector. Note that you must have a cluster\-wide administrative role to view all namespaces.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-wildcard\-routes\fP=false
    Allow wildcard host names for routes

.PP
\fB\-\-allowed\-domains\fP=[]
    List of comma separated domains to allow in routes. If specified, only the domains in this list will be allowed routes. Note that domains in the denied list take precedence over the ones in the allowed list

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-certificate\fP=""
    The contents of a default certificate to use for routes that don't expose a TLS server cert; in PEM format

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-certificate\-dir\fP=""
    A path to a directory that contains a file named tls.crt. If tls.crt is not a PEM file which also contains a private key, it is first combined with a file named tls.key in the same directory. The PEM\-format contents are then used as the default certificate. Only used if default\-certificate and default\-certificate\-path are not specified.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-certificate\-path\fP=""
    A path to default certificate to use for routes that don't expose a TLS server cert; in PEM format

.PP
\fB\-\-denied\-domains\fP=[]
    List of comma separated domains to deny in routes

.PP
\fB\-\-extended\-validation\fP=true
    If set, then an additional extended validation step is performed on all routes admitted in by this router. Defaults to true and enables the extended validation checks.

.PP
\fB\-\-fields\fP=""
    A field selector to apply to routes to watch

.PP
\fB\-\-hostname\-template\fP=""
    If specified, a template that should be used to generate the hostname for a route without spec.host (e.g. '${name}\-${namespace}.myapps.mycompany.com')

.PP
\fB\-\-include\-udp\-endpoints\fP=false
    If true, UDP endpoints will be considered as candidates for routing

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-interval\fP=0
    Controls how often router reloads are invoked. Mutiple router reload requests are coalesced for the duration of this interval since the last reload time.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubernetes\fP="
\[la]http://localhost:8080"\[ra]
    The address of the Kubernetes server (host, host:port, or URL). If omitted defaults to the master.

.PP
\fB\-\-labels\fP=""
    A label selector to apply to the routes to watch

.PP
\fB\-\-master\fP="
\[la]http://localhost:8080"\[ra]
    The address the master can be reached on (host, host:port, or URL).

.PP
\fB\-\-name\fP="public"
    The name the router will identify itself with in the route status

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-namespace\-labels\fP=""
    A label selector to apply to namespaces to watch

.PP
\fB\-\-override\-hostname\fP=false
    Override the spec.host value for a route with \-\-hostname\-template

.PP
\fB\-\-project\-labels\fP=""
    A label selector to apply to projects to watch; if '*' watches all projects the client can access

.PP
\fB\-\-reload\fP=""
    The path to the reload script to use

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-resync\-interval\fP=0
    The interval at which the route list should be fully refreshed

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stats\-password\fP=""
    If the underlying router implementation can provide statistics this is the requested password for auth.

.PP
\fB\-\-stats\-port\fP=""
    If the underlying router implementation can provide statistics this is a hint to expose it on this port.

.PP
\fB\-\-stats\-user\fP=""
    If the underlying router implementation can provide statistics this is the requested username for auth.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    The path to the template file to use

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-\-working\-dir\fP="/var/lib/haproxy/router"
    The working directory for the router plugin


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-infra(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-infra\-router\-version(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
