.TH "OPENSHIFT START KUBERNETES" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift start kubernetes controller\-manager \- Launch Kubernetes controller manager (kube\-controller\-manager)


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift start kubernetes controller\-manager\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Start Kubernetes controller manager

.PP
This command launches an instance of the Kubernetes controller\-manager (kube\-controller\-manager).


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-address\fP=0.0.0.0
    The IP address to serve on (set to 0.0.0.0 for all interfaces)

.PP
\fB\-\-allocate\-node\-cidrs\fP=false
    Should CIDRs for Pods be allocated and set on the cloud provider.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-application\-metrics\-count\-limit\fP=100
    Max number of application metrics to store (per container)

.PP
\fB\-\-boot\-id\-file\fP="/proc/sys/kernel/random/boot\_id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for boot\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-config\fP=""
    The path to the cloud provider configuration file.  Empty string for no configuration file.

.PP
\fB\-\-cloud\-provider\fP=""
    The provider for cloud services.  Empty string for no provider.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\-cidr\fP=""
    CIDR Range for Pods in cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\-name\fP="kubernetes"
    The instance prefix for the cluster

.PP
\fB\-\-concurrent\-deployment\-syncs\fP=5
    The number of deployment objects that are allowed to sync concurrently. Larger number = more responsive deployments, but more CPU (and network) load

.PP
\fB\-\-concurrent\-endpoint\-syncs\fP=5
    The number of endpoint syncing operations that will be done concurrently. Larger number = faster endpoint updating, but more CPU (and network) load

.PP
\fB\-\-concurrent\-namespace\-syncs\fP=2
    The number of namespace objects that are allowed to sync concurrently. Larger number = more responsive namespace termination, but more CPU (and network) load

.PP
\fB\-\-concurrent\-rc\-syncs\fP=5
    The number of replication controllers that are allowed to sync concurrently. Larger number = more responsive replica management, but more CPU (and network) load

.PP
\fB\-\-concurrent\-replicaset\-syncs\fP=5
    The number of replica sets that are allowed to sync concurrently. Larger number = more responsive replica management, but more CPU (and network) load

.PP
\fB\-\-concurrent\-resource\-quota\-syncs\fP=5
    The number of resource quotas that are allowed to sync concurrently. Larger number = more responsive quota management, but more CPU (and network) load

.PP
\fB\-\-concurrent\-serviceaccount\-token\-syncs\fP=5
    The number of service account token objects that are allowed to sync concurrently. Larger number = more responsive token generation, but more CPU (and network) load

.PP
\fB\-\-container\-hints\fP="/etc/cadvisor/container\_hints.json"
    location of the container hints file

.PP
\fB\-\-controller\-start\-interval\fP=0
    Interval between starting controller managers.

.PP
\fB\-\-daemonset\-lookup\-cache\-size\fP=1024
    The the size of lookup cache for daemonsets. Larger number = more responsive daemonsets, but more MEM load.

.PP
\fB\-\-deleting\-pods\-burst\fP=10
    Number of nodes on which pods are bursty deleted in case of node failure. For more details look into RateLimiter.

.PP
\fB\-\-deleting\-pods\-qps\fP=0.1
    Number of nodes per second on which pods are deleted in case of node failure.

.PP
\fB\-\-deployment\-controller\-sync\-period\fP=0
    Period for syncing the deployments.

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\fP="unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
    docker endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-env\-metadata\-whitelist\fP=""
    a comma\-separated list of environment variable keys that needs to be collected for docker containers

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-only\fP=false
    Only report docker containers in addition to root stats

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-root\fP="/var/lib/docker"
    Absolute path to the Docker state root directory (default: /var/lib/docker)

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-run\fP="/var/run/docker"
    Absolute path to the Docker run directory (default: /var/run/docker)

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-hostpath\-provisioner\fP=false
    Enable HostPath PV provisioning when running without a cloud provider. This allows testing and development of provisioning features.  HostPath provisioning is not supported in any way, won't work in a multi\-node cluster, and should not be used for anything other than testing or development.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-load\-reader\fP=false
    Whether to enable cpu load reader

.PP
\fB\-\-event\-storage\-age\-limit\fP="default=24h"
    Max length of time for which to store events (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is a duration. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-event\-storage\-event\-limit\fP="default=100000"
    Max number of events to store (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is an integer. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-global\-housekeeping\-interval\fP=0
    Interval between global housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-horizontal\-pod\-autoscaler\-sync\-period\fP=0
    The period for syncing the number of pods in horizontal pod autoscaler.

.PP
\fB\-\-housekeeping\-interval\fP=0
    Interval between container housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-httptest.serve\fP=""
    if non\-empty, httptest.NewServer serves on this address and blocks

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-data\-source\fP="influxdb"
    Data source used by InitialResources. Supported options: influxdb, gcm.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-dbname\fP="k8s"
    InfluxDB database name which contains metrics requred by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-hawkular\fP=""
    Hawkular configuration URL

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-influxdb\-host\fP="localhost:8080/api/v1/proxy/namespaces/kube\-system/services/monitoring\-influxdb:api"
    Address of InfluxDB which contains metrics requred by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-namespace\-only\fP=false
    Whether the estimation should be made only based on data from the same namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-password\fP="root"
    Password used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-percentile\fP=90
    Which percentile of samples should InitialResources use when estimating resources. For experiment purposes.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-user\fP="root"
    User used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-burst\fP=30
    Burst to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-content\-type\fP=""
    ContentType of requests sent to apiserver. Passing application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf is an experimental feature now.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-qps\fP=20
    QPS to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to kubeconfig file with authorization and master location information.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\fP=false
    Start a leader election client and gain leadership before executing the main loop. Enable this when running replicated components for high availability.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-lease\-duration\fP=0
    The duration that non\-leader candidates will wait after observing a leadership renewal until attempting to acquire leadership of a led but unrenewed leader slot. This is effectively the maximum duration that a leader can be stopped before it is replaced by another candidate. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-renew\-deadline\fP=0
    The interval between attempts by the acting master to renew a leadership slot before it stops leading. This must be less than or equal to the lease duration. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-leader\-elect\-retry\-period\fP=0
    The duration the clients should wait between attempting acquisition and renewal of a leadership. This is only applicable if leader election is enabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-cadvisor\-usage\fP=false
    Whether to log the usage of the cAdvisor container

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-machine\-id\-file\fP="/etc/machine\-id,/var/lib/dbus/machine\-id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for machine\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-master\fP=""
    The address of the Kubernetes API server (overrides any value in kubeconfig)

.PP
\fB\-\-min\-resync\-period\fP=0
    The resync period in reflectors will be random between MinResyncPeriod and 2*MinResyncPeriod

.PP
\fB\-\-namespace\-sync\-period\fP=0
    The period for syncing namespace life\-cycle updates

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-monitor\-grace\-period\fP=0
    Amount of time which we allow running Node to be unresponsive before marking it unhealty. Must be N times more than kubelet's nodeStatusUpdateFrequency, where N means number of retries allowed for kubelet to post node status.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-monitor\-period\fP=0
    The period for syncing NodeStatus in NodeController.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-startup\-grace\-period\fP=0
    Amount of time which we allow starting Node to be unresponsive before marking it unhealty.

.PP
\fB\-\-node\-sync\-period\fP=0
    The period for syncing nodes from cloudprovider. Longer periods will result in fewer calls to cloud provider, but may delay addition of new nodes to cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-pod\-eviction\-timeout\fP=0
    The grace period for deleting pods on failed nodes.

.PP
\fB\-\-port\fP=10252
    The port that the controller\-manager's http service runs on

.PP
\fB\-\-profiling\fP=true
    Enable profiling via web interface host:port/debug/pprof/

.PP
\fB\-\-pv\-recycler\-increment\-timeout\-nfs\fP=30
    the increment of time added per Gi to ActiveDeadlineSeconds for an NFS scrubber pod

.PP
\fB\-\-pv\-recycler\-minimum\-timeout\-hostpath\fP=60
    The minimum ActiveDeadlineSeconds to use for a HostPath Recycler pod.  This is for development and testing only and will not work in a multi\-node cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-pv\-recycler\-minimum\-timeout\-nfs\fP=300
    The minimum ActiveDeadlineSeconds to use for an NFS Recycler pod

.PP
\fB\-\-pv\-recycler\-pod\-template\-filepath\-hostpath\fP=""
    The file path to a pod definition used as a template for HostPath persistent volume recycling. This is for development and testing only and will not work in a multi\-node cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-pv\-recycler\-pod\-template\-filepath\-nfs\fP=""
    The file path to a pod definition used as a template for NFS persistent volume recycling

.PP
\fB\-\-pv\-recycler\-timeout\-increment\-hostpath\fP=30
    the increment of time added per Gi to ActiveDeadlineSeconds for a HostPath scrubber pod.  This is for development and testing only and will not work in a multi\-node cluster.

.PP
\fB\-\-pvclaimbinder\-sync\-period\fP=0
    The period for syncing persistent volumes and persistent volume claims

.PP
\fB\-\-register\-retry\-count\fP=10
    The number of retries for initial node registration.  Retry interval equals node\-sync\-period.

.PP
\fB\-\-replicaset\-lookup\-cache\-size\fP=4096
    The the size of lookup cache for replicatsets. Larger number = more responsive replica management, but more MEM load.

.PP
\fB\-\-replication\-controller\-lookup\-cache\-size\fP=4096
    The the size of lookup cache for replication controllers. Larger number = more responsive replica management, but more MEM load.

.PP
\fB\-\-resource\-quota\-sync\-period\fP=0
    The period for syncing quota usage status in the system

.PP
\fB\-\-root\-ca\-file\fP=""
    If set, this root certificate authority will be included in service account's token secret. This must be a valid PEM\-encoded CA bundle.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-account\-private\-key\-file\fP=""
    Filename containing a PEM\-encoded private RSA key used to sign service account tokens.

.PP
\fB\-\-service\-sync\-period\fP=0
    The period for syncing services with their external load balancers

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-buffer\-duration\fP=0
    Writes in the storage driver will be buffered for this duration, and committed to the non memory backends as a single transaction

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-db\fP="cadvisor"
    database name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-host\fP="localhost:8086"
    database host:port

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-password\fP="root"
    database password

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-secure\fP=false
    use secure connection with database

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-table\fP="stats"
    table name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-user\fP="root"
    database username

.PP
\fB\-\-terminated\-pod\-gc\-threshold\fP=12500
    Number of terminated pods that can exist before the terminated pod garbage collector starts deleting terminated pods. If <= 0, the terminated pod garbage collector is disabled.

.PP
\fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-start\-kubernetes(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
