.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli deploy \- View, start, cancel, or retry a deployment


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli deploy\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
View, start, cancel, or retry a deployment

.PP
This command allows you to control a deployment config. Each individual deployment is exposed as a new replication controller, and the deployment process manages scaling down old deployments and scaling up new ones. Use 'openshift cli rollback' to rollback to any previous deployment.

.PP
There are several deployment strategies defined:
.IP 

.IP
\(bu Rolling (default) \- scales up the new deployment in stages, gradually reducing the number of old deployments. If one of the new deployed pods never becomes "ready", the new deployment will be rolled back (scaled down to zero). Use when your application can tolerate two versions of code running at the same time (many web applications, scalable databases)
.br
.IP
\(bu Recreate \- scales the old deployment down to zero, then scales the new deployment up to full. Use when your application cannot tolerate two versions of code running at the same time
.br
.IP
\(bu Custom \- run your own deployment process inside a Docker container using your own scripts.
.br
.PP
If a deployment fails, you may opt to retry it (if the error was transient). Some deployments may never successfully complete \- in which case you can use the '\-\-latest' flag to force a redeployment. If a deployment config has completed deploying successfully at least once in the past, it would be automatically rolled back in the event of a new failed deployment. Note that you would still need to update the erroneous deployment config in order to have its template persisted across your application.

.PP
If you want to cancel a running deployment, use '\-\-cancel' but keep in mind that this is a best\-effort operation and may take some time to complete. It’s possible the deployment will partially or totally complete before the cancellation is effective. In such a case an appropriate event will be emitted.

.PP
If no options are given, shows information about the latest deployment.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-cancel\fP=false
    Cancel the in\-progress deployment.

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-triggers\fP=false
    Enables all image triggers for the deployment config.

.PP
\fB\-\-follow\fP=false
    Follow the logs of a deployment

.PP
\fB\-\-latest\fP=false
    Start a new deployment now.

.PP
\fB\-\-retry\fP=false
    Retry the latest failed deployment.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Display the latest deployment for the 'database' deployment config
  openshift cli deploy database
  
  # Start a new deployment based on the 'database'
  openshift cli deploy database \-\-latest
  
  # Start a new deployment and follow its log
  openshift cli deploy database \-\-latest \-\-follow
  
  # Retry the latest failed deployment based on 'frontend'
  # The deployer pod and any hook pods are deleted for the latest failed deployment
  openshift cli deploy frontend \-\-retry
  
  # Cancel the in\-progress deployment based on 'frontend'
  openshift cli deploy frontend \-\-cancel

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
