.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli get \- Display one or many resources


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli get\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Display one or many resources

.PP
Possible resources include builds, buildConfigs, services, pods, etc. To see a list of common resources, use 'openshift cli get'. Some resources may omit advanced details that you can see with '\-o wide'.  If you want an even more detailed view, use 'openshift cli describe'.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\-namespaces\fP=false
    If present, list the requested object(s) across all namespaces. Namespace in current context is ignored even if specified with \-\-namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-export\fP=false
    If true, use 'export' for the resources.  Exported resources are stripped of cluster\-specific information.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to a file identifying the resource to get from a server.

.PP
\fB\-\-include\-extended\-apis\fP=true
    If true, include definitions of new APIs via calls to the API server. [default true]

.PP
\fB\-L\fP, \fB\-\-label\-columns\fP=[]
    Accepts a comma separated list of labels that are going to be presented as columns. Names are case\-sensitive. You can also use multiple flag options like \-L label1 \-L label2...

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
    When using the default or custom\-column output format, don't print headers.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|custom\-columns=...|custom\-columns\-file=...|go\-template=...|go\-template\-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath\-file=... See custom columns [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubectl-overview/#custom-columns\[ra]], golang template [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]] and jsonpath template [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/jsonpath\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    Output the formatted object with the given group version (for ex: 'extensions/v1beta1').

.PP
\fB\-\-raw\fP=""
    Raw URI to request from the server.  Uses the transport specified by the kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter on

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-show\-all\fP=true
    When printing, show all resources (false means hide terminated pods.)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-kind\fP=false
    If present, list the resource type for the requested object(s).

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-labels\fP=false
    When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
    If non\-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-w\fP, \fB\-\-watch\fP=false
    After listing/getting the requested object, watch for changes.

.PP
\fB\-\-watch\-only\fP=false
    Watch for changes to the requested object(s), without listing/getting first.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # List all pods in ps output format.
  openshift cli get pods
  
  # List a single replication controller with specified ID in ps output format.
  openshift cli get rc redis
  
  # List all pods and show more details about them.
  openshift cli get \-o wide pods
  
  # List a single pod in JSON output format.
  openshift cli get \-o json pod redis\-pod
  
  # Return only the status value of the specified pod.
  openshift cli get \-o template pod redis\-pod \-\-template={{.currentState.status}}

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
