.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI IMPORT" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli import app.json \- Import an app.json definition into OpenShift (experimental)


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli import app.json\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Import app.json files as OpenShift objects

.PP
app.json defines the pattern of a simple, stateless web application that can be horizontally scaled. This command will transform a provided app.json object into its OpenShift equivalent. During transformation fields in the app.json syntax that are not relevant when running on top of a containerized platform will be ignored and a warning printed.

.PP
The command will create objects unless you pass the \-o yaml or \-\-as\-template flags to generate a configuration file for later use.

.PP
Experimental: This command is under active development and may change without notice.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-as\-template\fP=""
    If set, generate a template with the provided name

.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, show the result of the operation without performing it.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to app.json file to use

.PP
\fB\-\-generator\fP="app\-json/v1"
    The name of the generator strategy to use \- specify this value to for backwards compatibility.

.PP
\fB\-\-image\fP=""
    An optional image to use as your base Docker build (must have ONBUILD directives)

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output results as yaml or json instead of executing, or use name for succint output (resource/name).

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    The preferred API versions of the output objects


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Import a directory containing an app.json file
  $ openshift cli import app.json \-f .
  
  # Turn an app.json file into a template
  $ openshift cli import app.json \-f ./app.json \-o yaml \-\-as\-template

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli\-import(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
