.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI SET" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli set env \- Update environment variables on a pod template


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli set env\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Update environment variables on a pod template or a build config

.PP
List environment variable definitions in one or more pods, pod templates or build configuration. Add, update, or remove container environment variable definitions in one or more pod templates (within replication controllers or deployment configurations) or build configurations. View or modify the environment variable definitions on all containers in the specified pods or pod templates, or just those that match a wildcard.

.PP
If "\-\-env \-" is passed, environment variables can be read from STDIN using the standard env syntax.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\fP=false
    Select all resources in the namespace of the specified resource types

.PP
\fB\-c\fP, \fB\-\-containers\fP="*"
    The names of containers in the selected pod templates to change \- may use wildcards

.PP
\fB\-e\fP, \fB\-\-env\fP=[]
    Specify a key\-value pair for an environment variable to set into each container.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to file to use to edit the resource.

.PP
\fB\-\-from\fP=""
    The name of a resource from which to inject enviroment variables

.PP
\fB\-\-list\fP=false
    Display the environment and any changes in the standard format

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
    When using the default or custom\-column output format, don't print headers.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|custom\-columns=...|custom\-columns\-file=...|go\-template=...|go\-template\-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath\-file=... See custom columns [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubectl-overview/#custom-columns\[ra]], golang template [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]] and jsonpath template [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/jsonpath\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    Output the formatted object with the given group version (for ex: 'extensions/v1beta1').

.PP
\fB\-\-overwrite\fP=true
    If true, allow environment to be overwritten, otherwise reject updates that overwrite existing environment.

.PP
\fB\-\-prefix\fP=""
    Prefix to append to variable names

.PP
\fB\-\-resolve\fP=false
    Show secret or configmap references when listing variables

.PP
\fB\-\-resource\-version\fP=""
    If non\-empty, the labels update will only succeed if this is the current resource\-version for the object. Only valid when specifying a single resource.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter on

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-show\-all\fP=true
    When printing, show all resources (false means hide terminated pods.)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-labels\fP=false
    When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
    If non\-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Update deployment 'registry' with a new environment variable
  openshift cli set env dc/registry STORAGE\_DIR=/local
  
  # List the environment variables defined on a build config 'sample\-build'
  openshift cli set env bc/sample\-build \-\-list
  
  # List the environment variables defined on all pods
  openshift cli set env pods \-\-all \-\-list
  
  # Output modified build config in YAML, and does not alter the object on the server
  openshift cli set env bc/sample\-build STORAGE\_DIR=/data \-o yaml
  
  # Update all containers in all replication controllers in the project to have ENV=prod
  openshift cli set env rc \-\-all ENV=prod
  
  # Import environment from a secret
  openshift cli set env \-\-from=secret/mysecret dc/myapp
  
  # Import environment from a config map with a prefix
  openshift cli set env \-\-from=configmap/myconfigmap \-\-prefix=MYSQL\_ dc/myapp
  
  # Remove the environment variable ENV from container 'c1' in all deployment configs
  openshift cli set env dc \-\-all \-\-containers="c1" ENV\-
  
  # Remove the environment variable ENV from a deployment config definition on disk and
  # update the deployment config on the server
  openshift cli set env \-f dc.json ENV\-
  
  # Set some of the local shell environment into a deployment config on the server
  env | grep RAILS\_ | openshift cli set env \-e \- dc/registry

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli\-set(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
