.TH "OPENSHIFT KUBE" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift kube get \- Display one or many resources


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift kube get\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Display one or many resources.

.PP
Valid resource types include:
.IP 

.IP
\(bu all
.br
.IP
\(bu buildconfigs (aka 'bc')
.br
.IP
\(bu builds
.br
.IP
\(bu certificatesigningrequests (aka 'csr')
.br
.IP
\(bu clusters (valid only for federation apiservers)
.br
.IP
\(bu clusterrolebindings
.br
.IP
\(bu clusterroles
.br
.IP
\(bu componentstatuses (aka 'cs')
.br
.IP
\(bu configmaps (aka 'cm')
.br
.IP
\(bu daemonsets (aka 'ds')
.br
.IP
\(bu deployments (aka 'deploy')
.br
.IP
\(bu deploymentconfigs (aka 'dc')
.br
.IP
\(bu endpoints (aka 'ep')
.br
.IP
\(bu events (aka 'ev')
.br
.IP
\(bu horizontalpodautoscalers (aka 'hpa')
.br
.IP
\(bu imagestreamimages (aka 'isimage')
.br
.IP
\(bu imagestreams (aka 'is')
.br
.IP
\(bu imagestreamtags (aka 'istag')
.br
.IP
\(bu ingresses (aka 'ing')
.br
.IP
\(bu groups
.br
.IP
\(bu jobs
.br
.IP
\(bu limitranges (aka 'limits')
.br
.IP
\(bu namespaces (aka 'ns')
.br
.IP
\(bu networkpolicies
.br
.IP
\(bu nodes (aka 'no')
.br
.IP
\(bu persistentvolumeclaims (aka 'pvc')
.br
.IP
\(bu persistentvolumes (aka 'pv')
.br
.IP
\(bu pods (aka 'po')
.br
.IP
\(bu poddisruptionbudgets (aka 'pdb')
.br
.IP
\(bu podsecuritypolicies (aka 'psp')
.br
.IP
\(bu podtemplates
.br
.IP
\(bu policies
.br
.IP
\(bu projects
.br
.IP
\(bu replicasets (aka 'rs')
.br
.IP
\(bu replicationcontrollers (aka 'rc')
.br
.IP
\(bu resourcequotas (aka 'quota')
.br
.IP
\(bu rolebindings
.br
.IP
\(bu roles
.br
.IP
\(bu routes
.br
.IP
\(bu secrets
.br
.IP
\(bu serviceaccounts (aka 'sa')
.br
.IP
\(bu services (aka 'svc')
.br
.IP
\(bu statefulsets
.br
.IP
\(bu users
.br
.IP
\(bu storageclasses
.br
.IP
\(bu thirdpartyresources
.br
.PP
This command will hide resources that have completed, such as pods that are in the Succeeded or Failed phases. You can see the full results for any resource by providing the '\-\-show\-all' flag.

.PP
By specifying the output as 'template' and providing a Go template as the value of the \-\-template flag, you can filter the attributes of the fetched resources.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\-namespaces\fP=false
    If present, list the requested object(s) across all namespaces. Namespace in current context is ignored even if specified with \-\-namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-missing\-template\-keys\fP=true
    If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats.

.PP
\fB\-\-export\fP=false
    If true, use 'export' for the resources.  Exported resources are stripped of cluster\-specific information.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to files identifying the resource to get from a server.

.PP
\fB\-\-ignore\-not\-found\fP=false
    Treat "resource not found" as a successful retrieval.

.PP
\fB\-\-include\-extended\-apis\fP=true
    If true, include definitions of new APIs via calls to the API server. [default true]

.PP
\fB\-L\fP, \fB\-\-label\-columns\fP=[]
    Accepts a comma separated list of labels that are going to be presented as columns. Names are case\-sensitive. You can also use multiple flag options like \-L label1 \-L label2...

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
    When using the default or custom\-column output format, don't print headers (default print headers).

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|custom\-columns=...|custom\-columns\-file=...|go\-template=...|go\-template\-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath\-file=... See custom columns [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubectl-overview/#custom-columns\[ra]], golang template [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]] and jsonpath template [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/jsonpath\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-raw\fP=""
    Raw URI to request from the server.  Uses the transport specified by the kubeconfig file.

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-selector\fP=""
    Selector (label query) to filter on, supports '=', '==', and '!='.

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-show\-all\fP=false
    When printing, show all resources (default hide terminated pods.)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-kind\fP=false
    If present, list the resource type for the requested object(s).

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-labels\fP=false
    When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
    If non\-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-w\fP, \fB\-\-watch\fP=false
    After listing/getting the requested object, watch for changes.

.PP
\fB\-\-watch\-only\fP=false
    Watch for changes to the requested object(s), without listing/getting first.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-verification\-with\-non\-compliant\-keys\fP=false
    Allow a SignatureVerifier to use keys which are technically non\-compliant with RFC6962.

.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-not\-ready\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for notReady:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-default\-unreachable\-toleration\-seconds\fP=300
    Indicates the tolerationSeconds of the toleration for unreachable:NoExecute that is added by default to every pod that does not already have such a toleration.

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-httptest.serve\fP=""
    if non\-empty, httptest.NewServer serves on this address and blocks

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-data\-source\fP="influxdb"
    Data source used by InitialResources. Supported options: influxdb, gcm.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-dbname\fP="k8s"
    InfluxDB database name which contains metrics required by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-hawkular\fP=""
    Hawkular configuration URL

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-influxdb\-host\fP="localhost:8080/api/v1/namespaces/kube\-system/services/monitoring\-influxdb:api/proxy"
    Address of InfluxDB which contains metrics required by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-namespace\-only\fP=false
    Whether the estimation should be made only based on data from the same namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-password\fP="root"
    Password used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-percentile\fP=90
    Which percentile of samples should InitialResources use when estimating resources. For experiment purposes.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-user\fP="root"
    User used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Specify a kubeconfig file to define the configuration

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # List all pods in ps output format.
  kubectl get pods
  
  # List all pods in ps output format with more information (such as node name).
  kubectl get pods \-o wide
  
  # List a single replication controller with specified NAME in ps output format.
  kubectl get replicationcontroller web
  
  # List a single pod in JSON output format.
  kubectl get \-o json pod web\-pod\-13je7
  
  # List a pod identified by type and name specified in "pod.yaml" in JSON output format.
  kubectl get \-f pod.yaml \-o json
  
  # Return only the phase value of the specified pod.
  kubectl get \-o template pod/web\-pod\-13je7 \-\-template={{.status.phase}}
  
  # List all replication controllers and services together in ps output format.
  kubectl get rc,services
  
  # List one or more resources by their type and names.
  kubectl get rc/web service/frontend pods/web\-pod\-13je7
  
  # List all resources with different types.
  kubectl get all

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-kube(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
