.TH "OPENSHIFT ADMIN POLICY" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift admin policy scc\-subject\-review \- Check whether a user or a ServiceAccount can create a Pod.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift admin policy scc\-subject\-review\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Check whether a User, Service Account or a Group can create a Pod. It returns a list of Security Context Constraints that will admit the resource. If User is specified but not Groups, it is interpreted as "What if User is not a member of any groups". If User and Groups are empty, then the check is performed using the current user


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-missing\-template\-keys\fP=true
    If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to files Filename, directory, or URL to a file identifying the resource to get from a server.

.PP
\fB\-g\fP, \fB\-\-groups\fP=[]
    Comma separated, list of groups. Review will be performed on behalf of these groups

.PP
\fB\-\-no\-headers\fP=false
    When using the default or custom\-column output format, don't print headers.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output format. One of: json|yaml|wide|name|custom\-columns=...|custom\-columns\-file=...|go\-template=...|go\-template\-file=...|jsonpath=...|jsonpath\-file=... See custom columns [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/kubectl-overview/#custom-columns\[ra]], golang template [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]] and jsonpath template [
\[la]http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/jsonpath\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    Output the formatted object with the given group version (for ex: 'extensions/v1beta1').

.PP
\fB\-R\fP, \fB\-\-recursive\fP=false
    Process the directory used in \-f, \-\-filename recursively. Useful when you want to manage related manifests organized within the same directory.

.PP
\fB\-z\fP, \fB\-\-serviceaccount\fP=""
    service account in the current namespace to use as a user

.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-show\-all\fP=false
    When printing, show all resources (default hide terminated pods.)

.PP
\fB\-\-show\-labels\fP=false
    When printing, show all labels as the last column (default hide labels column)

.PP
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fP=""
    If non\-empty, sort list types using this field specification.  The field specification is expressed as a JSONPath expression (e.g. '{.metadata.name}'). The field in the API resource specified by this JSONPath expression must be an integer or a string.

.PP
\fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=go\-template, \-o=go\-template\-file. The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]].

.PP
\fB\-u\fP, \fB\-\-user\fP=""
    Review will be performed on behalf of this user


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-azure\-container\-registry\-config\fP=""
    Path to the file container Azure container registry configuration information.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Check whether user bob can create a pod specified in myresource.yaml
  $ openshift admin policy scc\-subject\-review \-u bob \-f myresource.yaml
  
  # Check whether user bob who belongs to projectAdmin group can create a pod specified in myresource.yaml
  $ openshift admin policy scc\-subject\-review \-u bob \-g projectAdmin \-f myresource.yaml
  
  # Check whether ServiceAccount specified in podTemplateSpec in myresourcewithsa.yaml can create the Pod
  $  openshift admin policy scc\-subject\-review \-f myresourcewithsa.yaml

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-admin\-policy(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
