.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli cancel\-build \- Cancel running, pending, or new builds


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli cancel\-build\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Cancel running, pending, or new builds

.PP
This command requests a graceful shutdown of the build. There may be a delay between requesting the build and the time the build is terminated.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-dump\-logs\fP=false
    Specify if the build logs for the cancelled build should be shown.

.PP
\fB\-\-restart\fP=false
    Specify if a new build should be created after the current build is cancelled.

.PP
\fB\-\-state\fP=[]
    Only cancel builds in this state


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Cancel the build with the given name
  openshift cli cancel\-build ruby\-build\-2
  
  # Cancel the named build and print the build logs
  openshift cli cancel\-build ruby\-build\-2 \-\-dump\-logs
  
  # Cancel the named build and create a new one with the same parameters
  openshift cli cancel\-build ruby\-build\-2 \-\-restart
  
  # Cancel multiple builds
  openshift cli cancel\-build ruby\-build\-1 ruby\-build\-2 ruby\-build\-3
  
  # Cancel all builds created from 'ruby\-build' build configuration that are in 'new' state
  openshift cli cancel\-build bc/ruby\-build \-\-state=new

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
