.TH "OPENSHIFT INFRA" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift infra f5\-router \- Start an F5 route synchronizer


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift infra f5\-router\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Start an F5 route synchronizer

.PP
This command launches a process that will synchronize an F5 to the route configuration of your master.

.PP
You may restrict the set of routes exposed to a single project (with \-\-namespace), projects your client has access to with a set of labels (\-\-project\-labels), namespaces matching a label (\-\-namespace\-labels), or all namespaces (no argument). You can limit the routes to those matching a \-\-labels or \-\-fields selector. Note that you must have a cluster\-wide administrative role to view all namespaces.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-allow\-wildcard\-routes\fP=false
    Allow wildcard host names for routes

.PP
\fB\-\-allowed\-domains\fP=[]
    List of comma separated domains to allow in routes. If specified, only the domains in this list will be allowed routes. Note that domains in the denied list take precedence over the ones in the allowed list

.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-denied\-domains\fP=[]
    List of comma separated domains to deny in routes

.PP
\fB\-\-f5\-host\fP=""
    The host of F5 BIG\-IP's management interface

.PP
\fB\-\-f5\-http\-vserver\fP="ose\-vserver"
    The F5 BIG\-IP virtual server for HTTP connections

.PP
\fB\-\-f5\-https\-vserver\fP="https\-ose\-vserver"
    The F5 BIG\-IP virtual server for HTTPS connections

.PP
\fB\-\-f5\-insecure\fP=false
    Skip strict certificate verification

.PP
\fB\-\-f5\-internal\-address\fP=""
    The F5 BIG\-IP internal interface's IP address

.PP
\fB\-\-f5\-partition\-path\fP="/Common"
    The F5 BIG\-IP partition path to use

.PP
\fB\-\-f5\-password\fP=""
    The password for F5 BIG\-IP's management utility

.PP
\fB\-\-f5\-private\-key\fP=""
    The path to the F5 BIG\-IP SSH private key file

.PP
\fB\-\-f5\-username\fP=""
    The username for F5 BIG\-IP's management utility

.PP
\fB\-\-f5\-vxlan\-gateway\-cidr\fP=""
    The F5 BIG\-IP gateway\-ip\-address/cidr\-mask for setting up the VxLAN

.PP
\fB\-\-fields\fP=""
    A field selector to apply to routes to watch

.PP
\fB\-\-hostname\-template\fP=""
    If specified, a template that should be used to generate the hostname for a route without spec.host (e.g. '${name}\-${namespace}.myapps.mycompany.com')

.PP
\fB\-\-include\-udp\-endpoints\fP=false
    If true, UDP endpoints will be considered as candidates for routing

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-kubernetes\fP="
\[la]http://localhost:8080"\[ra]
    The address of the Kubernetes server (host, host:port, or URL). If omitted defaults to the master.

.PP
\fB\-\-labels\fP=""
    A label selector to apply to the routes to watch

.PP
\fB\-\-master\fP="
\[la]http://localhost:8080"\[ra]
    The address the master can be reached on (host, host:port, or URL).

.PP
\fB\-\-name\fP="public"
    The name the router will identify itself with in the route status

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-namespace\-labels\fP=""
    A label selector to apply to namespaces to watch

.PP
\fB\-\-override\-hostname\fP=false
    Override the spec.host value for a route with \-\-hostname\-template

.PP
\fB\-\-project\-labels\fP=""
    A label selector to apply to projects to watch; if '*' watches all projects the client can access

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-resync\-interval\fP=0
    The interval at which the route list should be fully refreshed

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-infra(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-infra\-f5\-router\-version(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
