.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli logs \- Print the logs for a resource


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli logs\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Print the logs for a resource

.PP
Supported resources are builds, build configs (bc), deployment configs (dc), and pods. When a pod is specified and has more than one container, the container name should be specified via \-c. When a build config or deployment config is specified, you can view the logs for a particular version of it via \-\-version.

.PP
If your pod is failing to start, you may need to use the \-\-previous option to see the logs of the last attempt.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-c\fP, \fB\-\-container\fP=""
    Print the logs of this container

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-follow\fP=false
    Specify if the logs should be streamed.

.PP
\fB\-\-include\-extended\-apis\fP=true
    If true, include definitions of new APIs via calls to the API server. [default true]

.PP
\fB\-\-interactive\fP=false
    If true, prompt the user for input when required.

.PP
\fB\-\-limit\-bytes\fP=0
    Maximum bytes of logs to return. Defaults to no limit.

.PP
\fB\-p\fP, \fB\-\-previous\fP=false
    If true, print the logs for the previous instance of the container in a pod if it exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-since\fP=0
    Only return logs newer than a relative duration like 5s, 2m, or 3h. Defaults to all logs. Only one of since\-time / since may be used.

.PP
\fB\-\-since\-time\fP=""
    Only return logs after a specific date (RFC3339). Defaults to all logs. Only one of since\-time / since may be used.

.PP
\fB\-\-tail\fP=\-1
    Lines of recent log file to display. Defaults to \-1, showing all log lines.

.PP
\fB\-\-timestamps\fP=false
    Include timestamps on each line in the log output

.PP
\fB\-\-version\fP=0
    View the logs of a particular build or deployment by version if greater than zero


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Start streaming the logs of the most recent build of the openldap build config.
  openshift cli logs \-f bc/openldap
  
  # Start streaming the logs of the latest deployment of the mysql deployment config.
  openshift cli logs \-f dc/mysql
  
  # Get the logs of the first deployment for the mysql deployment config. Note that logs
  # from older deployments may not exist either because the deployment was successful
  # or due to deployment pruning or manual deletion of the deployment.
  openshift cli logs \-\-version=1 dc/mysql
  
  # Return a snapshot of ruby\-container logs from pod backend.
  openshift cli logs backend \-c ruby\-container
  
  # Start streaming of ruby\-container logs from pod backend.
  openshift cli logs \-f pod/backend \-c ruby\-container

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
