.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli process \- Process a template into list of resources


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli process\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Process template into a list of resources specified in filename or stdin

.PP
Templates allow parameterization of resources prior to being sent to the server for creation or update. Templates have "parameters", which may either be generated on creation or set by the user, as well as metadata describing the template.

.PP
The output of the process command is always a list of one or more resources. You may pipe the output to the create command over STDIN (using the '\-f \-' option) or redirect it to a file.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=""
    Filename or URL to file to read a template

.PP
\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-labels\fP=""
    Label to set in all resources for this template

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP="json"
    Output format. One of: describe|json|yaml|name|template|templatefile.

.PP
\fB\-\-output\-version\fP=""
    Output the formatted object with the given version (default api\-version).

.PP
\fB\-\-parameters\fP=false
    Do not process but only print available parameters

.PP
\fB\-\-raw\fP=false
    If true output the processed template instead of the template's objects. Implied by \-o describe

.PP
\fB\-t\fP, \fB\-\-template\fP=""
    Template string or path to template file to use when \-o=template or \-o=templatefile.  The template format is golang templates [
\[la]http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#pkg-overview\[ra]]

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-value\fP=[]
    Specify a key\-value pair (eg. \-v FOO=BAR) to set/override a parameter value in the template.


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Convert template.json file into resource list and pass to create
  openshift cli process \-f template.json | openshift cli create \-f \-
  
  # Process template while passing a user\-defined label
  openshift cli process \-f template.json \-l name=mytemplate
  
  # Convert stored template into resource list
  openshift cli process foo
  
  # Convert stored template into resource list by setting/overriding parameter values
  openshift cli process foo PARM1=VALUE1 PARM2=VALUE2
  
  # Convert template stored in different namespace into a resource list
  openshift cli process openshift//foo
  
  # Convert template.json into resource list
  cat template.json | openshift cli process \-f \-

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
