.TH "OPENSHIFT ADMIN MIGRATE" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift admin migrate image\-references \- Update embedded Docker image references


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift admin migrate image\-references\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Migrate references to Docker images

.PP
This command updates embedded Docker image references on the server in place. By default it will update image streams and images, and may be used to update resources with a pod template (deployments, replication controllers, daemon sets).

.PP
References are changed by providing a mapping between a source registry and name and the desired registry and name. Either name or registry can be set to ' *' to change all values. The registry value "docker.io" is special and will handle any image reference that refers to the DockerHub. You may pass multiple mappings \- the first matching mapping will be applied per resource.

.PP
The following resource types may be migrated by this command:
.IP 

.IP
\(bu buildconfigs
.br
.IP
\(bu daemonsets
.br
.IP
\(bu deploymentconfigs
.br
.IP
\(bu images
.br
.IP
\(bu imagestreams
.br
.IP
\(bu jobs
.br
.IP
\(bu pods
.br
.IP
\(bu replicationcontrollers
.br
.IP
\(bu secrets (docker)
.br
.PP
Only images, imagestreams, and secrets are updated by default. Updating images and image streams requires administrative privileges.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-all\-namespaces\fP=true
    Migrate objects in all namespaces. Defaults to true.

.PP
\fB\-\-confirm\fP=false
    If true, all requested objects will be migrated. Defaults to false.

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=[]
    Filename, directory, or URL to docker\-compose.yml file to use

.PP
\fB\-\-from\-key\fP=""
    If specified, only migrate items with a key (namespace/name or name) greater than or equal to this value

.PP
\fB\-\-include\fP=[imagestream,image,secrets]
    Resource types to migrate. Passing \-\-filename will override this flag.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP, \fB\-\-output\fP=""
    Output the modified objects instead of saving them, valid values are 'yaml' or 'json'

.PP
\fB\-\-to\-key\fP=""
    If specified, only migrate items with a key (namespace/name or name) less than this value


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request

.PP
\fB\-\-request\-timeout\fP="0"
    The length of time to wait before giving up on a single server request. Non\-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit (e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Perform a dry\-run of migrating all "docker.io" references to "myregistry.com"
  openshift admin migrate image\-references docker.io/*=myregistry.com/*
  
  # To actually perform the migration, the confirm flag must be appended
  openshift admin migrate image\-references docker.io/*=myregistry.com/* \-\-confirm
  
  # To see more details of what will be migrated, use the loglevel and output flags
  openshift admin migrate image\-references docker.io/*=myregistry.com/* \-\-loglevel=2 \-o yaml
  
  # Migrate from a service IP to an internal service DNS name
  openshift admin migrate image\-references 172.30.1.54/*=registry.openshift.svc.cluster.local/*
  
  # Migrate from a service IP to an internal service DNS name for all deployment configs and builds
  openshift admin migrate image\-references 172.30.1.54/*=registry.openshift.svc.cluster.local/* \-\-include=buildconfigs,deploymentconfigs

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-admin\-migrate(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
