test/extended/node/README.md, before:

# Node E2E Tests

This directory contains OpenShift end-to-end tests for node-related features.

## Test Suites

### Suite: openshift/disruptive-longrunning

- **kubeletconfig_features.go** - Tests applying KubeletConfig to custom machine config pools, requires node reboots

### Suite: openshift/usernamespace

- **nested_container.go** - Tests running nested containers (podman-in-pod) with user namespaces and nested-container SCC

### Default Suite

- **dra.go** - Tests that DRA (Dynamic Resource Allocation) v1 API is available and beta/alpha APIs are disabled
- **image_volume.go** - Tests mounting container images as volumes in pods, including subPath and error handling
- **node_swap.go** - Tests default kubelet swap settings (failSwapOn and swapBehavior) and rejection of user overrides
- **zstd_chunked.go** - Tests building and running images with zstd:chunked compression format

## Directory Structure

### Test Files
- All `*.go` files in the root directory are Ginkgo-based test suites
- Each file focuses on a specific node feature

### Utility Files
- **node_utils.go** - Shared helper functions for node selection and kubelet configuration retrieval

### Test Data
Test fixtures are referenced via `exutil.FixturePath` from:
- `testdata/node/machineconfigpool/` - Machine config pool fixtures
- `testdata/node/kubeletconfig/` - Kubelet config fixtures
- `testdata/node/zstd-chunked/`, `testdata/node/nested_container/` - Custom build fixtures

## Running Tests

### Running Long-Running Disruptive Tests

The `openshift/disruptive-longrunning` suite is a general-purpose suite for long-running disruptive tests
across all teams. Node team tests are tagged with `[sig-node]` to identify them.

To run the entire long-running disruptive test suite on a cluster manually:

```bash
./openshift-tests run "openshift/disruptive-longrunning" --cluster-stability=Disruptive
```

To run only node-specific long-running disruptive tests:

```bash
./openshift-tests run "openshift/disruptive-longrunning" --dry-run | grep "\[sig-node\]" | ./openshift-tests run -f - --cluster-stability=Disruptive
```

### Running User Namespace Tests

```bash
./openshift-tests run "openshift/usernamespace"
```

## Prerequisites

- Make sure to set `oc` binary to match the cluster version
- Make sure to set the kubeconfig to point to a live OCP cluster

## Important Notes

- Note that dry-run option won't list the test as it does not connect to a live cluster
- Run `make update` if the test data is changed

Commit message:

Update readme to include long running test information

test/extended/node/README.md, after:

# Node E2E Tests

This directory contains OpenShift end-to-end tests for node-related features.

## Test Suites

### Suite: openshift/disruptive-longrunning

- **kubeletconfig_features.go** - Tests applying KubeletConfig to custom machine config pools, requires node reboots

### Suite: openshift/usernamespace

- **nested_container.go** - Tests running nested containers (podman-in-pod) with user namespaces and nested-container SCC

### Default Suite

- **dra.go** - Tests that DRA (Dynamic Resource Allocation) v1 API is available and beta/alpha APIs are disabled
- **image_volume.go** - Tests mounting container images as volumes in pods, including subPath and error handling
- **node_swap.go** - Tests default kubelet swap settings (failSwapOn and swapBehavior) and rejection of user overrides
- **zstd_chunked.go** - Tests building and running images with zstd:chunked compression format

## Directory Structure

### Test Files
- All `*.go` files in the root directory are Ginkgo-based test suites
- Each file focuses on a specific node feature

### Utility Files
- **node_utils.go** - Shared helper functions for node selection and kubelet configuration retrieval

### Test Data
Test fixtures are referenced via `exutil.FixturePath` from:
- `testdata/node/machineconfigpool/` - Machine config pool fixtures
- `testdata/node/kubeletconfig/` - Kubelet config fixtures
- `testdata/node/zstd-chunked/`, `testdata/node/nested_container/` - Custom build fixtures

## Running Tests

### Running Long-Running Disruptive Tests

The `openshift/disruptive-longrunning` suite is a general-purpose suite for long-running disruptive tests
across all teams. Node team tests are tagged with `[sig-node]` to identify them.

To run the entire long-running disruptive test suite on a cluster manually:

```bash
./openshift-tests run "openshift/disruptive-longrunning" --cluster-stability=Disruptive
```

To run only node-specific long-running disruptive tests:

```bash
./openshift-tests run "openshift/disruptive-longrunning" --dry-run | grep "\[sig-node\]" | ./openshift-tests run -f - --cluster-stability=Disruptive
```

### Running User Namespace Tests

```bash
./openshift-tests run "openshift/usernamespace"
```

## Prerequisites

- Make sure to set `oc` binary to match the cluster version
- Make sure to set the kubeconfig to point to a live OCP cluster

## Submitting PRs

### Adding Tests to `openshift/disruptive-longrunning`

Before submitting a PR that adds a test to the `openshift/disruptive-longrunning` suite, run the following payload job and include the results in your PR:

```
/payload-job periodic-ci-openshift-release-main-nightly-4.22-e2e-aws-disruptive-longrunning
```

Useful links for `periodic-ci-openshift-release-main-nightly-4.22-e2e-aws-disruptive-longrunning`:
- [Previous runs (Sippy)](https://sippy.dptools.openshift.org/sippy-ng/jobs/4.22/analysis?filters=%7B%22items%22%3A%5B%7B%22columnField%22%3A%22name%22%2C%22operatorValue%22%3A%22equals%22%2C%22value%22%3A%22periodic-ci-openshift-release-main-nightly-4.22-e2e-aws-disruptive-longrunning%22%7D%5D%7D)
- [Job history for latest runs (Prow)](https://prow.ci.openshift.org/job-history/gs/test-platform-results/logs/periodic-ci-openshift-release-main-nightly-4.22-e2e-aws-disruptive-longrunning)

## Important Notes

- Note that dry-run option won't list the test as it does not connect to a live cluster
- Run `make update` if the test data is changed
