.TH "OC" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
oc idle \- Idle scalable resources


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBoc idle\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Idle scalable resources.

.PP
This command idles the provides list of resources by scaling scalable resources (e.g. RCs and
DCs) down to zero replicas, and then marking associated services so that that the scalables
will be "woken up" when traffic occurs on those services.

.PP
Only DCs and RCs with associated services will be idled \-\- services that only point to pods,
as well as RCs and DCs with no services, will not be idled.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fP=false
    If true, only print the annotations that would be written, without annotating or idling the relevant objects

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-filename\fP=""
    file containing list of services whose scalables will be idled


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Idle the scalable controllers associated with some services listed in to\-idle.txt
  $ oc idle \-f to\-idle.txt

.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBoc(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
