.TH "OPENSHIFT START KUBERNETES" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift start kubernetes proxy \- Launch Kubernetes proxy (kube\-proxy)


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift start kubernetes proxy\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Start Kubernetes Proxy

.PP
This command launches an instance of the Kubernetes proxy (kube\-proxy).


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-alsologtostderr\fP=false
    log to standard error as well as files

.PP
\fB\-\-application\-metrics\-count\-limit\fP=100
    Max number of application metrics to store (per container)

.PP
\fB\-\-bind\-address\fP=0.0.0.0
    The IP address for the proxy server to serve on (set to 0.0.0.0 for all interfaces)

.PP
\fB\-\-boot\-id\-file\fP="/proc/sys/kernel/random/boot\_id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for boot\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-cleanup\-iptables\fP=false
    If true cleanup iptables rules and exit.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\-cidr\fP=""
    The CIDR range of pods in the cluster. It is used to bridge traffic coming from outside of the cluster. If not provided, no off\-cluster bridging will be performed.

.PP
\fB\-\-config\-sync\-period\fP=0
    How often configuration from the apiserver is refreshed.  Must be greater than 0.

.PP
\fB\-\-conntrack\-max\fP=262144
    Maximum number of NAT connections to track (0 to leave as\-is)

.PP
\fB\-\-conntrack\-tcp\-timeout\-established\fP=0
    Idle timeout for established TCP connections (0 to leave as\-is)

.PP
\fB\-\-container\-hints\fP="/etc/cadvisor/container\_hints.json"
    location of the container hints file

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\fP="unix:///var/run/docker.sock"
    docker endpoint

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-env\-metadata\-whitelist\fP=""
    a comma\-separated list of environment variable keys that needs to be collected for docker containers

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-only\fP=false
    Only report docker containers in addition to root stats

.PP
\fB\-\-docker\-root\fP="/var/lib/docker"
    DEPRECATED: docker root is read from docker info (this is a fallback, default: /var/lib/docker)

.PP
\fB\-\-enable\-load\-reader\fP=false
    Whether to enable cpu load reader

.PP
\fB\-\-event\-storage\-age\-limit\fP="default=0"
    Max length of time for which to store events (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is a duration. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-event\-storage\-event\-limit\fP="default=0"
    Max number of events to store (per type). Value is a comma separated list of key values, where the keys are event types (e.g.: creation, oom) or "default" and the value is an integer. Default is applied to all non\-specified event types

.PP
\fB\-\-global\-housekeeping\-interval\fP=0
    Interval between global housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-healthz\-bind\-address\fP=127.0.0.1
    The IP address for the health check server to serve on, defaulting to 127.0.0.1 (set to 0.0.0.0 for all interfaces)

.PP
\fB\-\-healthz\-port\fP=10249
    The port to bind the health check server. Use 0 to disable.

.PP
\fB\-\-hostname\-override\fP=""
    If non\-empty, will use this string as identification instead of the actual hostname.

.PP
\fB\-\-housekeeping\-interval\fP=0
    Interval between container housekeepings

.PP
\fB\-\-httptest.serve\fP=""
    if non\-empty, httptest.NewServer serves on this address and blocks

.PP
\fB\-\-iptables\-masquerade\-bit\fP=14
    If using the pure iptables proxy, the bit of the fwmark space to mark packets requiring SNAT with.  Must be within the range [0, 31].

.PP
\fB\-\-iptables\-sync\-period\fP=0
    How often iptables rules are refreshed (e.g. '5s', '1m', '2h22m').  Must be greater than 0.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-data\-source\fP="influxdb"
    Data source used by InitialResources. Supported options: influxdb, gcm.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-dbname\fP="k8s"
    InfluxDB database name which contains metrics requred by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-hawkular\fP=""
    Hawkular configuration URL

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-influxdb\-host\fP="localhost:8080/api/v1/proxy/namespaces/kube\-system/services/monitoring\-influxdb:api"
    Address of InfluxDB which contains metrics requred by InitialResources

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-namespace\-only\fP=false
    Whether the estimation should be made only based on data from the same namespace.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-password\fP="root"
    Password used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-percentile\fP=90
    Which percentile of samples should InitialResources use when estimating resources. For experiment purposes.

.PP
\fB\-\-ir\-user\fP="root"
    User used for connecting to InfluxDB

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-burst\fP=10
    Burst to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-content\-type\fP="application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf"
    Content type of requests sent to apiserver.

.PP
\fB\-\-kube\-api\-qps\fP=5
    QPS to use while talking with kubernetes apiserver

.PP
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fP=""
    Path to kubeconfig file with authorization information (the master location is set by the master flag).

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-backtrace\-at\fP=:0
    when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-cadvisor\-usage\fP=false
    Whether to log the usage of the cAdvisor container

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-dir\fP=""
    If non\-empty, write log files in this directory

.PP
\fB\-\-logtostderr\fP=true
    log to standard error instead of files

.PP
\fB\-\-machine\-id\-file\fP="/etc/machine\-id,/var/lib/dbus/machine\-id"
    Comma\-separated list of files to check for machine\-id. Use the first one that exists.

.PP
\fB\-\-masquerade\-all\fP=false
    If using the pure iptables proxy, SNAT everything

.PP
\fB\-\-master\fP=""
    The address of the Kubernetes API server (overrides any value in kubeconfig)

.PP
\fB\-\-oom\-score\-adj\fP=\-999
    The oom\-score\-adj value for kube\-proxy process. Values must be within the range [\-1000, 1000]

.PP
\fB\-\-proxy\-mode\fP=
    Which proxy mode to use: 'userspace' (older) or 'iptables' (faster). If blank, look at the Node object on the Kubernetes API and respect the 'net.experimental.kubernetes.io/proxy\-mode' annotation if provided.  Otherwise use the best\-available proxy (currently iptables).  If the iptables proxy is selected, regardless of how, but the system's kernel or iptables versions are insufficient, this always falls back to the userspace proxy.

.PP
\fB\-\-proxy\-port\-range\fP=
    Range of host ports (beginPort\-endPort, inclusive) that may be consumed in order to proxy service traffic. If unspecified (0\-0) then ports will be randomly chosen.

.PP
\fB\-\-resource\-container\fP=""
    Absolute name of the resource\-only container to create and run the Kube\-proxy in (Default: /kube\-proxy).

.PP
\fB\-\-stderrthreshold\fP=2
    logs at or above this threshold go to stderr

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-buffer\-duration\fP=0
    Writes in the storage driver will be buffered for this duration, and committed to the non memory backends as a single transaction

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-db\fP="cadvisor"
    database name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-host\fP="localhost:8086"
    database host:port

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-password\fP="root"
    database password

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-secure\fP=false
    use secure connection with database

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-table\fP="stats"
    table name

.PP
\fB\-\-storage\-driver\-user\fP="root"
    database username

.PP
\fB\-\-udp\-timeout\fP=0
    How long an idle UDP connection will be kept open (e.g. '250ms', '2s').  Must be greater than 0. Only applicable for proxy\-mode=userspace

.PP
\fB\-\-v\fP=0
    log level for V logs

.PP
\fB\-\-vmodule\fP=
    comma\-separated list of pattern=N settings for file\-filtered logging


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-start\-kubernetes(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
